Data protection status
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Account
>
Data protection status
Data protection status
University Data Protection
One of the most frequently asked queries we have is that when students come to buy tickets, society memberships or vote they are told they are not a current student, that they don't belong to their faculty or receive the error message 'Account Not Matched'.
The reason for this is usually because at some point in the registration process with the University, a data protection box has been pressed which has told the University NOT to pass on personal details to the Union. This is often done unintentionally, but is quite easily fixed - here is how to do it:
Visit University of Warwick Student Records
and log into your account.
This should take you to a screen which looks like the one below. Click on 'My data' as shown here:
On the right-hand side of the page, you will see a range of options under the heading 'Edit my personal data'. Click on the link that says 'Edit who may receive my data':
This should take you to the final screen below. Check the box that allows you to pass your details on to the Students' Union and then click 'Save Changes'. Your details will be passed to us overnight - meaning that your problem logging into the Students' Union website should be resolved the day after you change this option.
'Account Not Matched'
If you have chosen to share your data with us but receive the error message 'Account Not Matched' when you try to log in, this means there is an existing record in the system with the same or very similar details (Name, Date of Birth).
This usually happens if you have previously created a Guest Account and then the system automatically creates your student account for you (or if you subsequently try to create a Guest Account).
If you have updated the sharing of your personal data with the Students' Union (as outlined in the steps above) and waited 24 hours but are still seeing this error message, please email your
name
,
date of birth
and
University Number
(in the case of students) or your
name
,
DOB
and
EITHER
username
OR
the
email address used to create the account
(in the case of non-students) to
enquiries@warwicksu.com
, and we will consolidate the two accounts.