Account Not Matched
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Account
>
Account Not Matched
Account Not Matched
Account Not Matched
For some reason we've not been able to match your login details to an account on our system. This could be for a number of reasons.
Please read and follow the steps below carefully before contacting us - in most cases you need to fix this problem yourself!
New Students
If you're a new student, we might not have been sent your data yet from the University. For students starting in October, we expect this to occur in mid-September, and you should be able to log in once you're enrolled with the University.
If you've enrolled, set up your IT account and are still seeing this message, make sure that you've opted to share your data with the Students' Union. There will have been an option for this during the enrolment process, or you can
follow the steps outlined here to change your preferences
.
You may need to wait 24 hours
, as our system synchronises with the University overnight.
If you still can't log in, there may be a conflict with an existing account on our system. This may occur if you've set up a guest account on our system before, or share a name and date of birth with an existing student. Contact the web team below with your details and we'll resolve the conflict for you.
Returning Students
If you could log in last year, but can't log in this year, you might have un-ticked the option to share your data with the Students' Union during re-enrolment.
Follow the steps outlined here
to fix this.
You'll need to wait 24 hours
before trying to log in again, as your system synchronises with the University overnight.
If you still can't log in, and have changed course, or continued from an undergraduate to postgraduate degree, then your new details may clash with your existing account. Fill in the from below with as many details as possible and we'll resolve this for you.
Graduating Students
If you've recently graduated, the University may have stopped sending us your student data, and your ITS login will no longer match your account on our system. You will need to
set up a guest account
to continue to log in to the Warwick SU website, which will then allow you to make purchases in our shop.
University Staff
University Staff members are not able to log in to the Warwick SU website using their University IT account. You will need to
set up a guest account
to continue to log in to the Warwick SU website, which will then allow you to make purchases in our shop, purchase associate memberships and event tickets.
Students' Union Staff members should log in the staff section using their @warwicksu.com Microsoft email address and password
Contact Us
If you've read through the above steps but are still having problems logging in to the website, please contact the Reception Team and we will check your account for you.
Click here to contact the Reception Team