Money
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Advice Service Enquiry Form
Academic Advice
Health & Wellbeing
Housemates Wanted
Housing
Money
Feedback Form
Help & Support
>
Money
Money
More pages
Advice Service Enquiry Form
Academic Advice
Health & Wellbeing
Housemates Wanted
Housing
Money
Feedback Form
Money & Finances
Having financial problems? Worried about money?
The information and resources below can help you navigate some of your money concerns!
Budgeting
Council Tax
Debts to the University
Foodbanks
Hardship Funds
Help with Debts
Student Loans and Funding
Taking a money claim to court
Welfare Benefits
Cost of Living
We are concerned about the impact of money worries on our students and postgraduate researchers. We're continuing to look for more ways to provide cost of living support to
students, on money, housing, food, energy bills and employment.
We also know talking about money can be uncomfortable and it's hard to know where to go to ask for help. You can reach out if you need help. Go to our
Cost of Living
page to find out more.
Get in touch!
The Advice Centre provides free, confidential, impartial advice and can signpost you to the right place if you need help managing your money; worried about your bills and need help and guidance to access the
hardship fund
. Please submit an enquiry using our digital
Enquiry Form
and we'll do our best to support you with the options available to you.
Below are some useful links, reources and information to help you understand and navigate the Cost of Living Crisi in your own time:
Cost of Living Update (warwicksu.com)
Cost of living crisis: 20 ways to cope - Save the Student
101 ways to get the cost of living down for students | Wonkhe
The University of Warwick has launched an info hub on the Cost of Living - you can find out more here -
Support with the cost of living (warwick.ac.uk)
.
The Advice Centre offers advice on your student funding, including fees, loans and grants. We can also help you find other funding sources, as well as advising on budgeting, and welfare benefits.
Buying goods and services is covered by consumer law. Should you feel you have been dealt with unfairly, please consult Citizens Advice via
www.citizensadvice.org.uk
.