Help & Support
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Advice Service Enquiry Form
Academic Advice
Health & Wellbeing
Housemates Wanted
Housing
Money
Feedback Form
Help & Support
Help & Support
More pages
Advice Service Enquiry Form
Academic Advice
Health & Wellbeing
Housemates Wanted
Housing
Money
Feedback Form
Ollie Chapman - VP Welfare & Campaigns
Ollie is the elected VP Welfare & Campaigns of the Students' Union. They chair the Welfare Exec and is a member of the Board of Trustees.
The Advice Centre is a free, professional, confidential, non-judgmental service, independent from the University.
The WSU Advice Centre is part of your Students Union and is here to support you through your University journey. As part of the SU, we are completely separate from the University and, as our full time Advisors are not employed by the University, the advice we give is free of any conflicts of interest.
Our friendly Advisors can guide, support and represent you through any issues affecting your student experience. We offer advice through emails, telephone appointments and/or face to face appointments, depending on your preference. If you are experiencing an issue, please click the get in touch button below to submit an enquiry form.
The sooner you get in touch, the more we can help – please don’t hesitate to reach out for our support.
Get in touch
The advice centre offers support across four areas
Academic
Housing
Money
Health & Wellbeing
At the Advice Centre, we want to empower our student community to make informed choices that they feel is in their best interests. We provide a range of educational tools on the above pages. If you can’t find the information you are looking for or are unsure what it means, please still get in touch and we’d be happy to help.
Charlotte Cowdell
I am the Advice Centre Manager, and I have been working as an Advisor in Students' Unions since graduating from University. University life comes with its own unique challenges, and I aim to be a friendly face to help you with any bumps along the road.
Vas Marinos
Hi, I’m Vas, your Welfare Advisor. I’m here to help you out and be at your service, for almost anything that surrounds your student life and beyond. I’m a Trekkie, love basketball, philosophical talks, long walks into the sunset and good food. I approach life with a platonic idealism and an innate thirst to get things right. I come from Greece so I always enjoy a good conversation over a nice cuppa and a game of backgammon. Live long and prosper!
Mollie Gates
I’m here to support and advise you through anything life throws at you during your time at Warwick. When I’m not drinking gallons of tea, you’ll probably find me talking about what country I’d love to travel to next, and how much I couldn’t live without my dog. I’m a firm believer in your personal growth during your time at university being just as much a part of your experience as your educational achievements are… and I’ll be here to help you along the way. See you around!
Heather Groves
I’m here to support you through your time at Warwick and help with anything the university experience holds for you. My bright blue hair makes me easily identifiable, and I love Late Antique history and anything relating to myths and fables so much that I did an MA in Medieval Studies.
Emergency Information
In the event of an emergency, when the Advice Centre is closed:
Please contact
campus security
on:
http://warwick.ac.uk/services/campus-security
or 024 7652 2083, or alternatively:
If you need
immediate emergency care please call 999
for an ambulance and medical support.
Obtain support from the
Mental Health Crisis hotline: 0800 915 4644
(available 24/7)
Contact your
GP or visit your local NHS walk-in-centre or Emergency Department (A&E)
Speak to the
Samaritans on 116 123
(UK and free)
Seek advice from the
NHS urgent care service on 111
Other useful information
For urgent advice for your mental health and well-being please contact
Wellbeing Support Services
:
http://warwick.ac.uk/services/wss
Report and Support
:
https://reportandsupport.warwick.ac.uk
For urgent housing advice please contact
Shelter
:
http://england.shelter.org.uk/get_help
or 0808 800 4444
Testimonials
“SU had PERFECT ADVICE”
“I had greater trust in this service than the SLC/university.”
“I can't think of anything that could've been done better, thank you!”
“I found the SU help reassuring”
“My situation was handled with the greatest care and was also professional and informative”
“I never once felt silly for being in this situation. The response time was quick and every email was very detailed so I understood exactly what was going on”
Helpful publications
Advice Centre Flowchart
Information Leaflet
Advice on Academic Integrity