Terms and Conditions
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU Books
>
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
MSL Direct Terms and Conditions
This online shop incorporated into the Warwick Students' Union website, MSL Direct, (“
MSL Direct
” or “
Shop
”) is operated by Membership Solutions Limited whose registered office is at Union North, University of Warwick, Coventry, CV4 7AL (“
MSL
” or “
we
” or “
us
”).  Our VAT registration number is GB 705 3184 57.
By browsing and/or purchasing from MSL Direct you accept these terms and conditions. The terms and conditions include:
terms and conditions of purchase that are applicable when you order and purchase products via MSL Direct (these are not applicable to the On-Campus Used Book Exchange); and
terms and conditions that are applicable if you choose to submit reviews or otherwise interact with MSL Direct; and
terms and conditions which relate to the use and availability of MSL Direct; and
a description of the operation of the On-Campus Used Book Exchange;
and they incorporate our
Privacy Policy
.
To try to ensure the efficient handling of your order, we have engaged W&G Foyle Ltd (“Foyles”) as our service provider to process ad fulfil orders.  Certain communication relation to your order may be sent to you directly by Foyles and certain contact details in these terms may specify our service provider.
If you have any queries about your order them please Foyles at us at
orders@foyles.co.uk
if you have any question about these terms and conditions or anything else not relating to an order you have placed then contact us at
info@ukmsl.com
.
Purchasing and refunds from the MSL website
MSL unconditionally guarantees
books
purchased through this site, except those sold via the On-Campus Book Exchange where different terms apply. If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it  as outlined below in its original condition within 30 days of receiving your delivery or collection notification email for a complete refund. This will include the cost of postage to you but you are responsible for the return cost.  If the return is due to an error that we or our service providers have made, we will gladly refund both the original delivery charge and the cost of return postage.
If the item is damaged upon receipt or collection please advise us, as soon as possible, and in any event,  within 7 days. The time limit for return is still 30 days for your convenience. Again the cost of returning such an item will also be refunded.
Returns Procedure
All returns should be:
delivered to Warwick Students’ Union; or
securely wrapped and sent, with the original packing slip and reason for the return, to the following address:
Returns Department, W & G Foyle Ltd, 113-119 Charing Cross Road, London WC2H 0EB, United Kingdom
Delivery Times
In the event of dispatched items being delayed or lost in the post we will offer to replace or refund:
21 days after dispatch if the item was sent 2nd class, UK Royal Mail
14 days after dispatch if the item was sent 1st class, UK Royal Mail
21 days after dispatch if the item was sent Airmail, EU and Europe
21 days after dispatch if the item was sent Airmail, North America
35 days after dispatch if the item was sent Airmail, Rest of the World
Order Progress
You can check your order's current status in your account. If your books have not arrived within the quoted delivery time you can inquire into the status of your order by e-mail to
orders@foyles.co.uk
, by fax to Fax:00 44 (0) 20 7434 1574  or by telephone to 00 44 (0) 20 7440 1557 - Monday to Saturday 9.30am to 9pm.
Order Cancellation
You may cancel an order between placing the order and up to 7 days after receipt of the goods. If the cancellation happens after the goods have been despatched then a refund will be made upon receipt of the returned goods. The cost of returning the goods to MSL may be your responsibility of the customer or MSL’s, depending on the reason for cancellation.
Please see our refunds and returns help section for more details.
Prices
Our prices do not include any VAT or other taxes (see below for further information about this).
All prices will be verified when your order is processed and before we take payment. We do our best to ensure that prices are accurate but if we make a mistake and a book's correct price is higher than the price displayed, we may either contact you before delivering to request whether you want to buy the book at the correct price or cancel your order.
Responsibility for Local Taxes and Duties
The UK sales tax of Value Added Tax (VAT) is not payable on books.
VAT is only charged on deliveries within the European Union. There is no tax chargeable to customers outside the European Union.
Where goods are imported from abroad on your behalf and sent directly to the delivery address the cost of tax is also included in the purchase price. However in some circumstances customs may require payment of the tax by the receiving party before the delivery can be completed. In this case you should pay the customs agent, keep proof of payment and contact the MSL Team who will refund any tax paid.
When we ship books for delivery outside the United Kingdom, the recipient is liable for any local taxes or import duties that may be payable.
MSL can take no responsibility for this and if the goods are returned due to unpaid tax the costs will not be refunded as the sale has been completed. Although the goods can be re-despatched with only a further charge for dispatch at the customer's request.
Security of Credit Card Payment Options
When making a purchase from MSL Direct, payments will be processed through Sage Pay, a division of Sage (UK) Ltd, and Barclaycard Merchant Services.
MSL does not store credit card details and our payment processing agent specified above uses industry standard SSL encryption to ensure the safety of your data. However, the security of information and payments transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Any losses incurred or sustained by users who transmit information by means of e-mail or other internet link shall be borne solely and exclusively by such user and in no event shall any such losses in whole or part by borne by MSL.
Once your order has been completed, you should receive a confirmation email. This can additionally be viewed at a later date by logging onto your account.
Data Protection
Please refer to our
Privacy Policy
for details of how we may use the information you provide to us.
Promotional codes and discounts
MSL may occasionally provide customers with codes that can be entered during checkout or are built into external links that are used to obtain further discounts on our website. The following terms apply.
Discounts are only available MSL Direct unless specifically stated to include other sites or stores as listed for the particular promotion.
As standard some items are excluded from all promotional discounts. This includes, but is not restricted to, all On-Campus Book Exchange titles.
MSL can change the items available for or excluded from discounts at any time and without warning.
Some codes will have a list of available items and all other items will be excluded. Where possible we will try to make it clear which products are available but if there is any doubt please contact our team.
Discounts may be time limited. If a discount code is not used within the allotted time MSL will not provide a replacement code. Discount codes can only be used at time of purchase and not retrospectively.
Discount codes cannot be used with any other voucher, coupon or offer.
Discount codes are exclusive of online postage and packaging and gift-wrapping charges.
ALL discounts are only completed at the point of sale not at order. MSL reserves the right to withdraw an item from the discount code after this information becomes available if the discounted value is less than MSL cost of purchase. Wherever possible MSL will agree a fair price with you, but if this is not possible the order will be cancelled.
Where a product is substituted in an order placed with a promotional code the replacement product must fall within the original codes product range or other terms to qualify. If it does not the standard online price and terms will be applied.
An individual promotional code may have specific terms and conditions which apply to it that will be provided to you when the code is provided.
Customer Reviews and Ratings policy
To be able to post reviews you must have a MSL Direct Login. You can create one via the relevant link if you have not already done so.
You can create a nickname to appear as your name on reviews and blogs. With no Nickname chosen we will use your Login First Name & Last Name. As this is independent of any name used in your billing and delivery addresses you can use this as an alternative nickname facility if you wish.
Writing a review is a great way to share your experience of a book with thousands of other readers. You'll appreciate there need to be a few ground rules, some are obvious (no bad language) some are to save us from being sued and some are to ensure your review gets read again and again. Reviews that don't follow these rules will be removed and will not qualify for any promotional offers we may run associated to leaving reviews.
Reviews will be visible not only to users of MSL Direct but the content may appear on search engines and other content aggregators.
Do
Make your review of the book NOT the service you have received from MSL when buying it. Even though we love hearing nice things, it IS a book review!
Give an honest opinion
Tell others how the book made you feel
Point out what you disliked or liked
Let other readers know what books and authors would be of similar interest, eg 'Great for fans of Harry Potter'
Don't
Use profanity, prejudiced language or terms of abuse
Repeat or make potentially libellous comments
Mention web addresses, emails or phone numbers
Post text you've not written
Post material that is deliberately intended to upset other users
Give away key plot elements or endings
Your username or nickname must not:
Contain website or email addresses, or contact information of any kind
Impersonate or appear to impersonate another individual or organisation
Contain inappropriate language (see below)
Whilst we do not necessarily (and are not obliged to) moderate any reviews before they are made available on MSL Direct, we reserve the right to edit or delete any comments that we determine have broken our house rules below.  Our house rules state that your comments must not:
Be off-topic
Be reasonably considered to be offensive
Make personal attacks
Contain language that is racist, sexist, homophobic or in any way prejudicial
Break the law or condone or encourage unlawful behaviour: this includes libel, defamation, breach of copyright and contempt of court
Advertise products or services for profit
Contain links to other site that breach our House Rules
We ask you to write only in English; this is only because we may not have access to someone fluent in another language and so cannot be sure about the content of your post!
Ratings
We also require reviewers to rate the item at the same time as this gives an overview of the customer opinion. You can leave a rating without a review but not a review without a rating. Leaving a rating alone does not qualify for any Review promotion that may be running.
Ratings guide:
***** - Excellent - I would recommend this without reservation.
**** - Really Good - I would strongly recommend this.
*** - Good - I would recommend this.
** - Indeterminate - The Good and bad aspects combined mean this is not actively recommended.
* - Bad - I would not recommend this.
Our Rate & review Emails
30 days after a purchase has been completed we will email you to see if you are interested in leaving a review. This email is included in correspondence about you order and is separate from our mailing list system. Any promotional codes provided for leaving reviews will expire within 23-30 days from the date of the email.
We, and other readers of the site really appreciate your reviews and we look forward to reading them.
Intellectual Property
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you
(a)        grant MSL and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sublicensable rights to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media; and
(b)        MSL and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.
You agree that the rights you grant above are irrevocable during the entire period of protection of your intellectual property rights associated with such content and material. You agree to waive your right to be identified as the author of such content and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such content. You agree to perform all further acts necessary to perfect any of the above rights granted by you to MSL, including the execution of deeds and documents, at the request of MSL.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that, as at the date that the content or material is submitted to MSL: (i) the content and material is accurate; (ii) use of the content and material you supply does not breach any applicable MSL policies or guidelines and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or material is not defamatory). You agree to indemnify MSL and its affiliates for all claims brought by a third party against MSL or its affiliates arising out of or in connection with a breach of any of these warranties.
Intellectual Property Rights in MSL Direct
All copyright and intellectual property rights in and relating to MSL Direct and all content belong to MSL or our licensors.
We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to access and make personal and non-commercial and non-business use of MSL Direct.
All other rights are reserved.
Operation of MSL Direct and our Liability
We do not guarantee that access to and use of MSL Direct will be uninterrupted, error-free, secure or free from bugs or viruses.
In particular, there may be periods when MSL Direct is not available in order to allow us to carry out maintenance to MSL Direct.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform in order to access MSL Direct . You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to MSL Direct, the server on which MSL Direct is stored or any server, computer or database connected to MSL Direct You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
General terms and governing law
MSL reserves the right to amend and/or extend these terms and conditions from time to time. The terms and conditions stipulated above are those currently applicable.
The terms and conditions are governed by English law and you agree that the English courts shall have jurisdiction to deal with all disputes.
Delivery
Delivery Options
All delivery times quoted are the average, and cannot be guaranteed.
These should be added to the availability message time, to determine when the goods will arrive. During checkout we will give you a cumulative estimated date for delivery.
Location
1st Book
Each
additional
book
Average
Delivery
Time
Delivery to Student Union
Free
Free
3 Days
UK Second Class
Available free for orders over £10* or £2.50
Available free for orders over £10* or £1.00
3-7 Days
UK First Class
£4.50
£1.00
1-2 Days
UK Courier
£7.00
£1.00
1-2 Days
Western Europe** Courier
£17.00
£3.00
2-3 Days
Western Europe** Airmail
£5.00
£1.50
4-14 Days
USA / Canada Courier
£20.00
£3.00
2-4 Days
USA / Canada Airmail
£7.00
£3.00
4-14 Days
Rest of World Courier
£22.50
£3.00
3-6 Days
Rest of World Airmail
£8.00
£3.00
7-21 Days
* Available free for orders over £10 = When offered a delivery preference choose 'For Cheapest Postage' for our freepost in the UK offer. This is not available on the 'For Faster Delivery' option.
** Includes Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Irish Republic, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland.
If you are unsure of your requirements then you can contact Foyles customer service at
customerservices@foyles.co.uk
All charges are made in £ (GBP). We do not charge you until the day your order is packed ready to be sent.
Like most websites, our delivery prices are based on averages. If you are ordering a large number of titles and we find that there is a significant difference between the delivery charge in your order to the actual cost to MSL we will reduce the cost to our actual cost where we can; alternatively, we will contact you if for some reason there is a much higher cost. We will absorb any reasonable increases without further charge.
We reserve the right to change our delivery charges without notice and may vary our promotional offers.
Courier services
MSL recommends use of the Courier service to all destinations. This is for reliability and security, as well as speed of supply. For non-UK orders with a value exceeding £100 we only offer a courier service as these services are trackable and airmail, whilst normally reliable, cannot be tracked if there is a delay or a lost package.
'Delayed dispatch' by courier is available for customers who wish to use this service but do not want the package to arrive before a certain date please contact us immediately upon placing your order to use this option.
Delivery to Warwick Students’ Union
This free service is available on all items.
If you want to be sure of receiving your goods by a particular date we recomend choosing a Courier or First Class option and entering Warwick Students’ Union address as your delivery address during checkout.
Warwick Students’ Union (SU HQ)
University of Warwick
Gibbet Hill Road
Coventry
CV4 7AL
Delayed, lost or damaged deliveries
Please see our Returns and Refunds section for further information.
Refunds and Returns
MSL unconditionally guarantees
books
purchased through this site, except those sold via the MSL On-Campus Book Exchange where different terms apply. If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it to us in its original condition within 30 days of receiving your delivery or collection notification email for a refund of the product cost and despatch cost without needing a specific cause although the buyer is responsible for any costs of returning the goods. However if the return is due to an error that we or our service providers have made, we will gladly refund both the original delivery charge and the cost of return postage.
Exclusions to this are On-Campus Book Exchange items, eReaders and eBooks (see below), CDs or DVDs (including where they are included within a larger package), where the seals on the products have been broken, or any items that are marked as non-refundable on their product pages at the time of ordering. Your statutory rights still apply for all such items.
Specific reasons for returning goods
DAMAGE - If the item is damaged upon receipt or collection please advise MSL Customer Services within 7 days. The time limit for return is still 30 days for your convenience.
LATE DELIVERY - In the event of dispatched items being delayed or lost in the post we will offer to replace or refund:
15 days after dispatch if the item was sent UK 2nd Class
10 days after dispatch if the item was sent UK 1st class
21 days after dispatch if the item was sent Western Europe Airmail
21 days after dispatch if the item was sent USA/Canada Airmail
35 days after dispatch if the item was sent Rest of the World Airmail
Courier services will only be refunded or replaced if the tracking details show that the goods have not been signed for at the correct address. If the goods are delayed through customs or issues with the receiver of the goods MSL will not refund or replace. Should delays occur in the delivery that are caused by the courier a discretionary refund to reflect the level of service may be provided.
Returns Procedure
All returns should be
delivered to Warwick Students’ Union; or
securely wrapped and sent, with the original packing slip and reason for the return, to the following addresses:
Returns Department, W & G Foyle Ltd, 113-119 Charing Cross Road, London WC2H 0EB, United Kingdom
Please contact
customerservices@foyles.co.uk
before returning your book so that we know to expect your return.
MSL On-Campus Book Exchange
What is MSL On-Campus Book Exchange?
MSL On-Campus Book Exchange is a service we offer to allow users to advertise used books for sale to other users.
You must log in to use the On-Campus Book Exchange.
We will charge a fee of £1.00 for each book you wish to advertise
You must provide all requested details regarding any book that you wish to advertise. You must ensure all details regarding the book are complete and accurate. We shall use reasonable endeavours to display the details of your book on MSL Direct near any details regarding any new or other used editions of the same book.
The details of your book will be displayed for up to 6 months. During this time, you may remove the details and re-post them as many times as you wish. If you sell your book, please ask us to remove all details. If you wish to advertise a used book for longer than 6 months or to re-post details regarding a use book advertised longer than 6 months previously then you must pay the fee specified above again.
If you buy or sell a used book via the On-Campus Book Exchange then your contract for purchase or sale is directly with the buyer or seller (as the case may be). MSL has no responsibility for setting or collecting or paying the price or in relation to the delivery of the book.