Contact Us
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
How The SU Works
Jobs
Postgraduate
SU News
SU Structure
Sustainability
TOTUM Discount Card
Welcome Hub
Your Union
>
Contact Us
Contact Us
More pages
Complaints Policy
Welcome Hub
Room Hire
We exist solely to provide services for our members, and always welcome any form of feedback from you.
Please use the contact information below to get in touch with your questions, comments, complaints or anything else, and we’ll get back to you asap.
Reception
If you have a question about your SU, we’re the people to ask. The font of all knowledge about SU activities, we will usually either have the answer or be able to point you in the direction of whoever does!
As well as offering help with myour day-to-day queries, we also look after the following services:
Lost Property
Printing
Locker Hire
Event Tickets: sales, transfers and refunds
View the Reception webpage here.
Email us
or call us on 024 7657 2777
Web Issues
If you are experiencing the following, please contact the team in charge:
Problems logging in to SU account i.e. account not matched - Contact
Reception
Issues regarding Societies or Sports Clubs memberships - Contact
Student Activities
Come across, broken pages/links or incorrect information - Contact
Reception
Sports Clubs and Societies
Contact the Student Activities team
for queries relating to sports clubs and societies, including planning events.
You can also contact your
Sports Officer
or your
Societies Officer
.
Student Officers
Find out who your Full-Time and Part-Time Officers are
here
. Click their profiles to see contact details.
Advice Centre
WSU Advice Centre
offers a free, confidential, impartial, and non-judgmental service. We provide advice, information, guidance and representation to help you resolve your problems whilst studying at the University of Warwick. We are also independent from the University.
Our team of friendly, professional, and experienced advisors will offer practical advice and support and/or signposting on a range of enquiries, including: academic, complaints, disciplinaries, housing, money, employment and general well-being.
You can contact us using this link to submit an enquiry form.
SU Room Hire
To enquire about booking a membership space in the SU building, or about booking the Atrium or The Copper Rooms,
view this page
or
please contact us
.
For Copper Rooms bookings, please note that Societies and Sport Clubs must first complete an event planning pack with the Student Activities team and request to book the space at least a term in advance.
To book a space on the Piazza, you need to contact the University directly. You must submit the form on
this page
at least 7 working days prior to the requested date(s).
Email the Piazza bookings team
if you have any questions.
Advertising
If you are looking to advertise with Warwick SU, see our
media sales website
and
email the team
.
Democracy
For queries relating to Elections, Student Council, SU Committees, Grant Funding, Society and Sports Club Elections and All Student Votes,
contact the Democracy team
.
Academic Representation
Did you know that we have Course, Faculty and Department Reps, who are here to provide you with academic representation and help with course/departmental issues?
Find out who your Course Rep is.
Email the team.
Restaurants, Bars and Spaces
Visit this page
for more information on our restaurants, bars and spaces, including opening times.
Complaints
If you have a specific complaint about the service you have received at the Students' Union, you can
complain using this address
. Alternatively, you can complain in writing.
Details of our complaints procedure can be found here.
Address
Postal Address:
Warwick SU
Gibbet Hill Rd
Coventry
CV4 7AL
Delivery/Visiting Address:
Warwick Students’ Union
University of Warwick
Coventry
CV4 7AL