Curiositea
ABOUT
At the heart of Warwick University campus, our friendly team, cosy setting and relaxed vibe welcomes you to Curiositea.
We offer a wide selection of coffees, hot chocolates and teas to warm your soul alongside an extensive menu of milkshakes, frappes, fruit smoothies and iced drinks.
Our menu boasts 5 different milks to choose from and a vast array of syrups and toppings. From a simple, homely teabag tea to an indulgent deluxe hot chocolate, and weekly specials, you’re sure to find something on our menu that suits you.
We also serve a selection of toasties, paninis and wraps and a rotating selection of cakes, including gluten-free and vegan options to keep your hunger at bay.
As part of Warwick Students Union, our profits are reinvested back into the student body through sports, societies and welfare, amongst a multitude of other student activities and support.
Whether you’re coming alone to study, relaxing with a group of friends or just looking for a quick coffee to takeaway - you're always welcome in Curiositea.
Opening Times
Check here
Location
Find us on the ground floor of the student building on Warwick University Campus
View on Maps
Coffees
We use 100% Arabica beans from Brazil, Honduras and Guatemala. Roasted medium-dark, our coffee packs a punch of stone fruit, cocoa, hazelnut and chocolate fudge in milk
.
Espresso - a simple extracted shot of coffee
Espresso Macchiato - espresso topped with a small amount of foamed milk
Americano - espresso poured over hot water. Add milk to your taste.
Latte - espresso topped with steamed milk
Cappuccino - espresso with foamed milk
Flat White - double espresso, served short, with a silky smooth steamed milk
Mocha - Our classic hot chocolate blended with espresso and steamed milk
Hot Chocolate
Classic - We use a 33% cocoa base for our classic hot chocolate. Completely vegan, just switch up your milk to your preferences or dietary needs.
Deluxe - our classic hot chocolate topped with cream, marshmallows, caramel sauce and a flake
White - Creamy white chocolate with steamed milk
Nutella - Nutella whisked together with steamed milk
White Mocha -Our white hot chocolate blended with espresso and steamed milk
Milkshakes and Frappes
We serve a selection of milkshakes and frappes all year round. Available made with dairy milk or Oatly.
Hotties
Teabag Tea - Yorkshire tea or decaf available
Matcha Latte - Japanese green tea powder with steamed milk
Chai Latte - Spiced tea with steamed milk
Karak Chai - Sweet, strong and spicy tea with evaporated milk
Loose Leaf Tea - Choose from a selection of herbal, black and green teas
Smoothies
Our smoothies are made with 100% fruit, and are completely vegan and free from the top 14 allergens.
Blue Lagoon peach, mango, pineapple, banana, apple + blue spirulina
Purple Dragon dragonfruit, apple, strawberry, mango + papaya
Berry Bliss strawberry, blueberry, raspberry, blackberry + apple
Tropical Temptation pineapple, apple, papaya + mango
We offer a selection of paninis, toasties and gluten-free wraps in term time.
Feeling peckish?
We serve a selection of cakes, traybakes, doughnuts and muffins from our cake fridge, alongside tasty nibbles on the counter.
We always have gluten free and vegan options available for those with allergies and intolerances.