Cut the Costs
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Active Campaigns
Funding
Start a Campaign
Campaigns
>
Campaigns
>
Archived Campaigns
>
Education
>
Cut the Costs
Cut the Costs
More pages
Active Campaigns
Funding
Start a Campaign
A survey of Warwick students in 2016/17 found that over 60% of students had experienced costs that they expected to be covered by the University during their time of study.
68% had paid for core textbooks
64% had paid for additional textbooks
89% had paid for printing
35% had paid for lecture notes
18% had paid for site visits or trips
12% had paid for dissertation binding
19% had paid for medical certificates
The SU believes that education should be more accessible and affordable, and called on the University to reduce additional course costs incurred by students. When costs are incurred, the University should actively publish these in a transparent manner, regularly updating them.
The SU submitted a paper on behalf of students to the Academic Quality and Standards Committee detailing the findings of the survey, and worked to establish a joint Course Costs Working Group. As a result of work with that group, all departments must now fill out a central form relating to the costs associated with both their courses and modules. They must detail what counts as mandatory (you can’t complete the learning objectives without these items) and what is optional but recommended (for example, a field trip or a study abroad opportunity). They detail what can be provided by the department, or whether any items can be sourced alternatively (e.g. borrowed from the library), and estimate the cost associated with each item.
This information will be provided to students online, giving greater transparency about course costs. It will also allow us to analyse the range of provision given by different departments, and how consistent provision is. The group will look at principles of what should and shouldn’t be provided by departments, and how we can support students who are unable to meet extra costs.
How can I get involved?
Have you had to pay a course cost which you think should have been covered by the University? Let us know with the hashtag
#WarwickCourseCosts
!
— Liam Jackson (@_liamjackson)
April 20, 2018
For SSLC reps...
Use our
course costs survey template
to create your own survey for coursemates on their experiences relating to course costs. Send the results to
education@warwicksu.com
to be included in the SU's work on cutting course costs.