Disabled Students' Community Hub
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Campaigns
>
Associations & Community Hubs
>
Disabled Students' Community Hub
Disabled Students' Community Hub
Mads Wainman
Disabled Students' Officer
disabledstudents@warwicksu.com
Your Representatives & Groups
Mads Wainman and Nye Steel - Disabled Students' Officers
Welcome to the Disabled Students' Community Hub!
Disabled Students' Association
The Association acts as a voice for disabled students, consulting the community and being consulted on issues that affect they. The Association brings relevant concerns to the attention of the SU, organises activities for disabled students, and communicates relevant updates and opportunities. Find out more...
Warwick Enable
We are Warwick Enable, the disability liberation and campaigning society on campus. We are for disabled students, their friends, allies and carers or enablers – we welcome anyone who is passionate about disability and inclusivity. We believe this university is for everybody (and mind).
Autism at Warwick
Hello! We are Autism at Warwick, a new(ish) society set up by and for autistic students at the university. We run socials and campaigns, and are home to a lively Discord group chat where members can discuss anything from films to baking, as well as providing a safe space for peer support and autism-related discussions.
News
There are no current news articles.
Events
There are no events scheduled within the next month.
Resources
Support & Representation
Facilities
Reporting Issues
Warwick Enable
Autism at Warwick
Disabled Students' Officer
Disability Services
DSAs and Financial Support
Wellbeing Support Services
Advice Centre
Disability Interest Group
Sports Facilities
Changing Places toilets
Accessible Study Rooms
Estates Updates
Venue Accessibility Guide
Campus Map
Accessibility Reporting Tool
Hate Crime Reporting
SU Complaints
University Complaints
Officer Blog
Read more
Campaigns
Active Campaigns
Accessible Facilities
Disability Sport
Disability Awareness
Tackling Ableist Language
(In)Accessible University
Tackle Hate
Venue Accessibility Guide
Flexible Modes of Study