Nominate Yourself
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Student Voice
>
Elections
>
Nominate Yourself
Nominate Yourself
Nominations are open for the Spring Elections 2021! So spring into action and nominate yourself before 09th February 2021 12:00pm.
Positions available:
Full-Time Student Officers –
These Officers are paid £20,200 and work full-time. President, Education Officer, Democracy & Development Officer, Sports Officer, Societies Officer, Postgraduate Officer, Welfare Office
Part-Time Student Officers –
These Officers carry out their role alongside their studies and are unpaid. The ones available in this election are as follows;
Women's Officer
Disabled Students' Officer
LGBTUA+ Officer
Trans Students' Officer
Ethnic Minorities Office
Environment and Ethics Officer
Widening Participation Officer
The remaining Part-Time Student Officer roles (Part-Time & Mature Students Officer, International Students Officer (EU) and International Students Officer (Non-EU) are elected in Autumn.
Faculty Reps -
This Officer carries out their role alongside their studies and are unpaid. This includes Faculty Reps for Science, Engineering and Medicine (Open Place 3x, Postgraduate Research 1x, Postgraduate Taught 1x and Postgraduate Reserved 1x), Faculty of Social Science Exec (Open Place 3x, Postgraduate Research 1x, Postgraduate Taught 1x), Faculty of Arts Exec (Open Place 3x, Postgraduate Research 1x, Postgraduate Taught 1x)
You can find out more about each position
here
. Or alternatively, come and speak to the Democracy Team on Level 2 of SUHQ, or the Officers during their drop-in times to get a more detailed look into what they do on a daily basis.
Terms of Office
The Full-Time Officer term of office commences from 1st August until 31st July, inclusive.  If a Postgraduate student is elected to a Full-Time post other than the Postgraduate Officer, the term of office for the incoming and outgoing officers of that post will be decided on a case-by-case basis. The term of Office for the Postgraduate Officer, usually, begins from the 1st September but can be flexible. The Postgraduate Officer elect would still need to attend the handover sessions (dates TBC). All Full-Time Officers receive a full induction and training (with a week of training taking place prior to the job starting on the 1st of August).
If you are an International student you can still run for a Full-Time officer position and will be eligibel for a Tier 4 VISA if elected.
For Part-Time Officers their term of office begins at the start of the next academic year (so in this case 2019/20). Handovers can either be done at the beginning of the next academic year or in the remaining academic year after they have been elected. This can be done on a case-by-case basis depending on how the elected students feel about balancing their studies with the proposed handover.
Any student can nominate themselves!
Before you nominate yourself...
Our Full-Time Student Officer roles require you to complete the trustee declaration form at the bottom of this page.
Our Part-Time Liberation Officer roles require self-definition in order to nominate and in order to vote. You can self-define by going to your voting profile.
You don't need any experience to nominate yourself as one of these student representatives, just a passion for representing the student voice, so get involved and make your mark!
This year candidates will be offered training in the following areas: Welfare, Manifesto Writing and Campaigning. Find out more in the
Candidate-Guide-2021
The small print:
If you have nominated yourself please
check your emails and junk folders
for correspondence from The Democracy Team which will include important information about being a candidate.
Compulsory candidate briefings
will take place on Tuesday 09th February at 17:00 online on WebEx, or Wednesday 10th February at 17:00 online on WebEx
Remember:
No campaigning until 12pm Wednesday 17th February
If you think you might be
eligible for a post that is saying you're not,
please email
democracy@warwicksu.com
Recommend a Friend
Do you have a friend who you think would be perfect for one of the roles up for nomination? Sometimes people just need a little nudge from a friend!
By recommending a friend, they’re not automatically entered into the elections. The Democracy Team will email them (you’ll remain anonymous) with the news that they've been recommended for a position and information about how they can nominate themselves if they wish to. Just hit the recommend button below and fill in the details!
Recommend Now
Please log in to complete this survey.
Contact Us
If you need to ask any questions about the elections process, you can visit us in the Membership Office on the top floor of SUHQ. Alternatively, you can contact us using the details below.
studentvoice@warwicksu.com