Forum Terms and Conditions
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Forum Categories
>
Forum Terms and Conditions
Forum Terms and Conditions
Acceptable Use
This
Acceptable Use Policy is intended to help create an atmosphere in which
freedom of speech is balanced by self discipline and a mature attitude
to discussion. We encourage people to join these discussions and it
would therefore be very surprising if exchanges did not occasionally
become a little heated!
Discussion Moderators
are available to help you to get the most out of participating in
online discussions and to ensure that these rules are observed.
By
virtue of your participation in the portal and forums, you are deemed
to have agreed to abide by the rules. Although the Moderator cannot
take responsibility for monitoring every message that is sent to the
web site, we must reserve the right to remove items submitted from
anyone who repeatedly ignores these rules.
1. Personal Identification
All
messages sent to a discussion will require your username and password,
chosen at time of registration. Do not represent yourself as another
person.
2. Use of Language
Messages
should not be malicious or designed to offend. In particular, the use
of swear words or undue profanity is discouraged. By participating in
any discussion, you undertake to indemnify us and our employees and
sub-contractors against any liability arising from any obscene,
defamatory, seditious, blasphemous or other actionable statement
published by you on this site and against all damages, losses, claims
and costs (including without limitation fines and expenses arising out
of or incurred in conducting or defending any proceedings) arising from
any such actionable statements.
3. Conduct of Discussion
The
Discussion Forum is intended primarily for topics relating to the
University of Warwick Students' Union and for the discussion of items
of membership interest. Please try to keep to the topic.
Your
message should be within the scope of the subject under discussion. If
you make a contribution that is inappropriate to the subject under
discussion, you may be directed by the Moderator not to raise the
matter further or to raise it within a separate discussion group.
No
reference should be made to the personality of other participants in a
discussion nor should attacks be made on an individual's character
unless the person concerned has already chosen to bring his or her
personality into the issue under discussion.
One
to one arguments, disagreements and disputes of a personal nature must
be conducted through private Email and not through public discussion.
You
should remember that you are legally responsible for what you write. By
participating in a discussion, you undertake to indemnify us and our
employees and sub-contractors against any liability arising from any
breach of confidentiality, copyright or other intellectual property
right published by you on this site and against all damages, losses,
claims and costs (including without limitation all expenses incurred in
conducting or defending any proceedings) arising from any such
publication. You must not make statements that are libellous, obscene,
seek to incite racial hatred or otherwise break the laws of the United
Kingdom.
4. Private Email and Club / Society emails
If
a person has sent you a private Email you may not forward it to a
public discussion group without the prior consent of the person who
sent it. This does not prevent you forwarding private e-mail to the
Discussion Administrator should you consider this appropriate. Any
contact information you may be granted access to on the site should
remain within it and not used for any other external emailing purposes.
Any unauthorised attempt to extract or expose personal information for
use outside of the Portal system will be subject to UWSU disciplinary
procedures.
5. Advertising and Research
Advertising
and Reseach will only be accepted when operated by or approved through
UWSU Marketing and Research Departments. A fee will be charged for this
service.
6. Complaints about a Breach of these Rules
Complaints
about a breach of these Rules should ONLY be made by private e-mail to
the Communications and Venue Officer and the Finance and Internal
Affairs Officer in the first instance. They will duly notify the UWSU
IT Administrators of this breach.
The UWSU Administrators will take timely and appropriate action with regard to the complaint.
7. Deliberate Abuse and / or Misuse of the Portal
Any
attempt to circumvent or manipulate your access rights to the portal
will be treated as a disciplinary offence and treated in accordance
with the UWSU disciplinary procedures. Your access to this site is
granted to you as an individual and your login details should be
treated as strictly private and confidential. It is a disciplinary
offence to share your access details with other users. Should you
suspect that your account is being used by another person, you should
change your password immediately and contact the Students' Union IT
Department.