Food & Drink
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Food, Drink & Events
>
Food & Drink
Food & Drink
Our Restaurants, Bars & Spaces
Visit the SU’s outlets and venues to enjoy our vibrant student community. Whether it’s a coffee-fuelled study session at Curiositea, a cocktail or mocktail in the Terrace Bar, a bite to eat at The Dirty Duck with friends, or lunch from the Food Station, the SU’s outlets are a great way to make the most of life on campus.
Regular Opening Times:
Curiositea
Open Monday-Friday from 9am-6pm and Saturday-Sunday from 11am-5pm
Contact us
The Terrace Bar
Open Monday-Friday from 4pm-late, Saturday 6pm-late
Contact us
The Dirty Duck
Open Monday-Sunday from 12pm noon-late
Contact us
The Food Station
Open Monday-Friday from 11:30am-2:30pm (term-time only)
Easter Vacation Opening Times:
Curiositea
Open Monday - Friday 10am-4.00pm Week beginning 13th April and Week beginning 20th April
Open Saturday/Sunday - 25th/26th April 11am-5.00pm
The Dirty Duck
Open Monday-Friday from 12pm noon-late (closed from 2nd-8th April)
Most of our outlets have lower access points for wheelchair accessiblity. Staff are trained to prioritise customers in these areas. If in doubt, speak to a member of staff and we will endeavour to meet your needs.
The best place to grab lunch on campus! Choose from freshly prepared paninis, served cold or toasted or, hot burrito bowls or nachos to tantalise your tastebuds.
The best place to grab lunch on campus! Choose from baguettes made to order with your choice of fillings or, new for 2023, hot burritos or nachos to tantalise your tastebuds. Also featuring a vegan stand where you can grab a meal from the freezer, hot pastries or other totally meat-free snacks.
Curiositea is our own coffee shop which sits on the piazza. Choose from a range of coffees, teas, hot chocolates, cakes and savouries, or try one of our fabulous weekly specials. A great place to spend time with friends.
Curiositea is our own coffee shop which sits on the piazza. Choose from a range of coffees, teas, hot chocolates, cakes and savouries, or try one of our fabulous weekly specials. A great place to spend time with friends.
Everyone's favourite place to hang out on campus! Choose from our delicious menu of pub-style meals - think burgers and fried chicken! Enjoy an alcoholic or non-alcoholic drink from our extensive selection, and enjoy the evening events we have going on every week - quiz and karaoke.
Everyone's favourite place to hang out on campus! Choose from our delicious menu of pub-style meals - think burgers and fried chicken! Enjoy an alcoholic or non-alcoholic drink from our extensive selection, and enjoy the evening events we have going on every week - quiz and karaoke.
With a lovely terrace overlooking the piazza, the Terrace Bar is a great place to enjoy drinks with friends and dance the night away at our Friday night event - Juicy. And even better come along during Drop In - the warmest place to wait for your bus home - every day from 5-8pm for discounts on a wide range of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
With a lovely terrace overlooking the piazza, the Terrace Bar is a great place to enjoy drinks with friends and dance the night away at our Friday night event - Juicy. Also hosting a twice termly LGBTQUIA+ night - Glow. And even better come along during Bus Stop - the warmest place to wait for your bus home - every day from 5-8pm for discounts on a wide range of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
Warwick's very own nightclub! Come along to one of our regular SU events - Pop and Skooldayz,  or join us for our one-off events across the year including the big Halloween Ball. The Copper Rooms is also available for Society and Club bookings.
Warwick's very own nightclub! Come along to one of our regular SU events - Pop, Skooldayz, Loud and Proud and Sonic or join us for our one-off events across the year including the big Halloween Ball. The Copper Rooms is also available for Society and Club bookings.
We have a zero waste shop open to all, in our Welcome Hub. Offering a range of snacks, dried goods and cleaning products, bring your container along and choose what you want!"
Opened in 2022, we have a zero waste shop open to all, in our Welcome Hub. Offering a range of snacks, dried goods and cleaning products, bring your container along and choose what you want!"