Get in Touch
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Advice Service Enquiry Form
Academic Advice
Health & Wellbeing
Housemates Wanted
Housing
Money
Feedback Form
Help & Support
>
Get in Touch
Get in Touch
More pages
Advice Service Enquiry Form
Academic Advice
Health & Wellbeing
Housemates Wanted
Housing
Money
Feedback Form
Submit an enquiry
FAQs
Give us feedback
Please read the guidance below before completing the form:
Warwick Students’ Union Advice Centre is a free, professional, independent, and confidential service. We aim to provide students with high quality advice, information, and representation. To do this we are required to record and maintain details about you and your case in accordance with our
Privacy Notice
. Please click on the link for further information about how we will treat the information you give us.
If you're requesting a tenancy agreement review, please remember to attach it to your enquiry form.
After you have submitted your enquiry and if you don't receive a response from us within 3 days (excluding weekends and holiday periods), please do email us directly at
advice@warwicksu.com
Everything you share with us will be kept confidential unless we consider there to be a risk to your safety or the safety of others.
Please tick to confirm you have understood our Privacy and Confidentiality Policy (required)
Full Name (required)
Student ID (required)
Your contact number
Your email address
Please provide a brief summary of your enquiry in the box below (required)
If you have any information relevant to your enquiry, please attach here
Please select your preferred method of contact (required)
Choose an option...
Face-to-face video (Teams)
Phone
Email (if applicable)
How did you hear about the advice centre
The SU website
SU staff
University staff
University letter
Social Media
Word of Mouth
Poster/flyer
Other
Please state
What do I do if my enquiry is urgent?
The Advice Centre operates; Monday to Thursday 9am-3pm and Fridays 9am- 3pm. We do not operate evenings, weekends, bank holidays or closures. The best thing to do is complete and submit the enquiry form during our opening times, sharing as much information about your circumstances as possible. We aim to get back to students within 48hours but sooner if your enquiry is urgent. When the Advice Centre is closed you can contact the
Community Safety Team
on 024 7652 2083 in an emergency, if you or someone you know is in immediate risk please call 999.
Emergency contact information
How soon will I receive a response?
We aim to respond to all enquiries within 48hours (except when we are closed or during our busy periods). We prioritise urgent enquiries first. Please submit an enquiry with as much information as possible or book a face-to-face appointment with us.
What type of appointments do you offer?
We advise by telephone, Microsoft Teams (video calls) or offer face-to-face (in person) appointments. The quickest way to speak to an advisor is to submit an enquiry form. In person appointments will depend on appointment availability.
I have a meeting with the University and I need some help?
Please submit an enquiry sharing the details of the meeting invitation you have received from the University. We can advise on your options, we can attend with you (if we are available), or request the meeting be rescheduled for a later date so we can attend with you. You can request the University to reschedule the meeting until you have had an opportunity to speak to your advisor.
Do you advise parents and friends if they get in touch?
The Advice Centre is a confidential service. We will not disclose any information about your case to anyone without your consent. This includes, parent, the university, friends or third parties.
Can I book an appointment if I'm not in the UK or not on campus?
You do not need to be on campus or the UK to arrange an appointment with us. We offer telephone and Microsoft Teams (video) appointments as well as in person appointments. When submitting an enquiry please let us know your preferred method of contact.
Where do I come for an appointment?
The Advice Centre is located on the 2nd floor of Warwick Students Union HQ (WSUHQ). If you have a pre-booked appointment, please report to WSUHQ reception where you will be directed to the Advice Centre.
What reasonable adjustment can you make?
The Advice Centre is wheelchair accessible. When submitting an enquiry please share information about the adjustments you are seeking and we will assess the reasonableness of your request. If we are unable to meet your request, we will provide an explanation of why we were unable to meet your request and advise on your options.
What if I wanted to see a male or a female only advisor?
Please request this when submitting your enquiry. We will try our best to meet this request, however we can’t always guarantee or promise this. If we are unable to meet this request, we will let you know in advance of any appointment and advise on your options.
I'm concerned about my friend can you reach out to them?
Due to GDPR we cannot contact a student without their consent, however if you are concerned about the welfare of a friend you can request a welfare check from
Well-being Services
. If your friend immediate safety is at risk contact
Well-being Services
during work hours or
Community Safety
on 024 7652 2083 after work hours.
I've got nowhere to live tonight what do I do?
We can assist in getting you short-term emergency accommodation during work hours through Warwick Accommodation (University’s accommodation team). You would need to contact
Community Safety
on 024 7652 2083 out of work hours.
I have no money for food what do I do?
We can assist with foodbank vouchers (a 3-day food supply) from a local Food Bank up to 3x as an emergency short-term solution. We would assess your circumstances and advise on your options, this may include applying for an emergency loan or hardship fund.
I submitted an enquiry but haven't heard back from the Advice Centre?
Please check your junk, sent, personal email and your warwick.ac.uk email account for our response. If you have not received a response, we would kindly ask you to resubmit your enquiry letting us know when you submitted your enquiry. We can assess the reasons, check on our system when we had sent a response to you and advise you on your options
Click here to provide feedback about the Advice Centre
Give Feedback