Housing Talks
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Advice Service Enquiry Form
Academic Advice
Health & Wellbeing
Housemates Wanted
Housing
Money
Feedback Form
Help & Support
>
Housing
>
Housing Talks
Housing Talks
More pages
Advice Service Enquiry Form
Academic Advice
Health & Wellbeing
Housemates Wanted
Housing
Money
Feedback Form
Housing Talks
Welcome to our Housing Talk page, here you'll find important resources that will help you nagivate your housing options for next year.
The Advice Centre has created a video below that will guide you through your housing journey, offering important information at each stage of the process. Depending on which stage of the housing journey you're on, the video will easily help you navigate; from househunting and choosing housemates, to contract checking, deposits and what to do before moving in. If after watching the video you still need help, contact us by heading to our
contacts page
Enjoy watching and learning!
Warwick Accommodation
If you are considering living on campus for the next academic year, Warwick Accommodation prioritise students who are
supported by Wellbeing and Student Support.
A very limited number of rooms are usually bookable on a first-served basis for students who are not supported for specific accommodation requirements.
Keep updated with announcements via your Warwick email address and the
Warwick Accommodation webpage
.
Join Warwick Accommodation at one of the upcoming
housing information sessions
to discover your options both on campus or in private accommodation. A member of the SU Advice Team will be present to answer questions about private housing.
Warwick Student Pad
Find out more about Warwick Studentpad, their
online platform
that will help you find suitable accommodation local to campus in the private sector.
There are also useful tips in the video by NUS about what you need to do to get ready to rent
If you have any specific questions about the above content and/or wish to share any comments then please complete our online
enquiry form
and give us your feedback.
Helpful publications
Your Guide to Looking for Accommodation
Your guide to living
off-campus
Warwick Studentpad FAQ
Archived Resources
Your Student Housing Journey - A guide to private housing
House hunting and choosing a landlord/agent (13/10/21)
Contracts, deposits and right to rent (27/10/21)
Moving in, problem solving, community (10/11/21)
Moving out (18/5/22)
Warwick Studentpad