Movember
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Active Campaigns
Funding
Start a Campaign
Campaigns
>
Campaigns
>
Archived Campaigns
>
Welfare
>
Movember
Movember
More pages
Active Campaigns
Funding
Start a Campaign
The SU and Warwick Sport are proud to be supporting Movember, to raise awareness of the physical and mental health challenges that men can face throughout their lives.
Throughout the month of November, we are encouraging our staff and students to be open and honest about these challenges, and make a collective effort to support one another. This includes a willingness to be vulnerable within challenging conversations, encouragement to access appropriate wellbeing services, and generosity to support the wonderful charities out there that are making a difference.
Get involved with our societies
Our societies are a great way to get involved with Movember and support men’s mental and physical health. Whether this is through a sports tournament, bake sale, charity circle and more, we have plenty of options!
Warwick Raising and Giving (RAG)
are a great place to start, as they lead with Movember initiatives on campus.
See their Instagram
for details of all events they’re leading throughout the year, or to get in touch about an initiative you and your society are running.
Other society events:
Society
Event
Date
Location
Northern Society
Charity Quiz
Friday 1st November, 6.30pm
SO.11 £5 entry
Warwick Salsa
Just Dance Sober Social
Saturday 2nd November, 4-6pm
OC1.07
Warwick Salsa x on-campus dance societies
Collaborative Danceathon for CALM
Date postponed - 24hr! 9am - 9am
The Piazza
Northern Society x Irish Society
5-aside football - loser donates!
Friday 8th November, time TBC
The Piazza
BioSoc
Charity Circle: Heroes vs Villains
Friday 8th November, 7pm
Kelsey's
MindAware
Men's Mental Health Talk
Wednesday 13th November, time TBC
FAB 3.31
BioSoc
Pub Quiz
Thursday 14th November, 5-7pm
IBRB
Calisthenics
A muscle up challenge with around 500 muscle ups!
Friday 15th November, starting 11am
Claycroft Activity Zone
Northern x Irish Society
Charity Board Games Night: A sober social with games and fundraising!
Saturday 16th November, time TBC
TBC
BioSoc
Movember 5k: A 5K run through campus
Wed 20th November, 2pm
Starting point: Junction
GSD Society
Charity Circle
Wednesday 20th November, 7pm
Kelsey's Leamington Spa
History Society
Charity Circle
Wednesday 20th November, 7pm
Kelsey's Leamington Spa
K-Pop Society
Buldak Challenge: A fundraising spicy noodle challenge with dishes ranging from mild to incredibly spicy.
Thursday 21st November, time TBC
The Oaks, Canley
Classics Society
Campus to Castle sponsored walk
Sunday 24th November, 10am
Start location Warwick Arts Centre
Warwick Tap
'Bring a Boy/Friend' charity tap class
Monday 25th November, 5-6pm
Westwood Dance Studio
BioSoc
Tote Bag Paint and Sip
Thursday 28th November, 5-7pm
GLT
BioSoc
Pie the Exec!
Friday 29th November, 12-1pm
Gibbett Hill
RAG
Inter-Society 5-A-Side Football Tournament
Saturday 30th November, time TBC
Sports Hub 5 Aside Pitches
The OddPod
The OddBalls Foundation is coming to the piazza and bringing their ‘Odd Pod’, raising awareness for testicular cancer. The OddPod trailer will provide a space for men to check their balls for any unusual signs, with users who donate to the charity receiving a free pair of Oddballs underwear as a thank-you!
Location: Main campus, piazza
Date: Tuesday 19 November (International Men’s Day)
Times – 9am - 4pm
Drop by and
find out more
Warwick Sport
Team Warwick is all about supporting everyone to feel confident and empowered through staying active. Warwick Sport are supporting men to open up about their mental and physical health through a variety of events and information – please see below and visit
their website
to book!
£5 Gym Day Pass
, available for 1 day on Tuesday 19 November and Monday 25 November only.
FREE health checks in collaboration with Warwick Medical School
, starting on Thursday 31 Oct. Running every Thursday and Friday until Thursday 12 December (excluding Friday 15 November) from 9am – 3pm.
The Shed: It Takes Balls To Talk
. Hosting a variety of talks by charity It Takes Balls to Talk, this Warwick Arts Centre creation aims to encourage safe discourse about mental health.
Movember 5k Wellbeing Run around campus
, to raise awareness for Movember. At the end of this run, you will be invited to help paint The Shed being built in the Arts Centre.
Mental Health Awareness Talk from Dr Alex Cotton
, founder of charity “It Takes Balls to Talk”. Warwick Arts Centre, Tuesday 26 November from 16:00 – 18:00.
Charities and Resources
The SU is proud to support some wonderful charities that encourage everyone to open up more about men’s mental and physical health. If you would like inspiration about charities to fundraise for, or would like help for yourself or a friend, please check out:
Movember
– Movember is the leading charity raising awareness of men’s health. Working with global men’s health partners, the Movember foundation funds collaborative projects that address prostate cancer, testicular cancer, men’s mental health, and suicide prevention. Since 2003, their ‘Grow a Mo’ campaign has encouraged men to grow a moustache in the month of November, all to raise money for their cause.
The Oddballs Foundation
– The Oddballs Foundation is a testicular cancer awareness charity that encourages those with testicles to check their balls regularly and to gather together as a community to raise awareness of men’s health, removing stigma through fundraising events and university outreach programs.
CALM
– The Campaign Against Living Miserably is a suicide prevention charity, looking to support those that are struggling with suicidal thoughts to navigate the issues that are making them feel miserable. They provide tools and resources, and you can access their helpline from 5pm – midnight every day by calling 0800 58 58 58.
Men's Health Forum
: This charity promotes the health and well-being of men and boys through research, advocacy, and public health campaigns.
Prostate Cancer UK
: Focused on prostate cancer awareness, research, and support for those affected, this charity provides resources for patients and their families.
Testicular Cancer UK
: Dedicated to raising awareness about testicular cancer, this charity provides information and support for those affected by the disease.