23-24t2week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
<
Warwick SU week 10 (w/c 11th March) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone,
Welcome to Week 10! We're back with one final week of madness before most of you break for a few weeks - and we certainly have quite a bit in store.
Firstly, a massive thank you to everyone who came out to vote last week - we had a whopping
5,533 students
make their mark and vote!
Last week wouldn't have been the same without you all engaging so phenomenally, but it's also worth saying a massive thank you to all of the candidates who ran some truly magnificent campaigns, their teams who supported throughout the whole week, as well as our fantastic student staff from Democracy Assistants to Curiositea staff, who brought boundless effort and energy to the week.
Visit our website now to find out
who will be representing you next year
as Part-Time and Full-Time Officers, as well as NUS Conference Delegates!
If you're looking for a way to celebrate the last week of term, then fear not - for Postgrads, we have our
PG Connections Arts and Crafts social
tonight in The Graduate, followed by an
Easter Sports social
on the 23
rd
for those of you still on campus.
We also have our flagship
GLOW
event returning to Terrace Bar this Tuesday, for all LGBTQUIA+ folks and friends, followed by our final POP! of term this Wednesday.
This Thursday is also University Mental Health Day. If you would like to get involved, visit the
Student Minds website
to find out how we can get the nation talking about student mental health.
If you're a bit more focused on just getting through Week 10 and thinking about life afterwards (valid, you've got this!) then we do have a couple of exciting opportunities you may want to come back to...
We're currently recruiting for students to sit on our
Board of Trustees
! This is a fantastic opportunity for students to bring their skills and perspective to the table in helping to understand and advise a charity that serves over 28,000 students at Warwick.
It's a fantastic way to get involved in the strategic direction of the SU and a great opportunity to build skills and employability. Applications are open until 19
th
April, so if it sounds like something you're interested in please do have a read and
get your applications in!
If you haven't completed the
National Student Survey yet
and are in your final year of study, please do - it closes on the 30
th
April.
And finally, if you'd like something to look forward to for next term... we're planning on holding Culture Week in Week 2, beginning from April 29th, concluding with an A2Z club night on the May 3rd at the Copper Rooms. Save the date, and we'd love to see as many of you there as possible!
That's all from us for now - we'll still be open for most of the break, but we will be
closed from March 28th - April 3rd
, so if you need anyone at the SU please do bear that in mind. Don't forget to check out our
outlet opening times
too!
All that's left to say is that we wish you a restful spring break, a Happy Easter and Happy Passover to those of you who celebrate, best wishes for those of you observing Ramadan, and all of our luck and productive vibes for any final deadlines and exam prep!
See you next term!
Anna Taylor
President
Spring Officer Elections: Results
The results are in for Spring Officer Elections! Thank you to everyone who made their mark and voted, and to the candidates for their hard work campaigning. Find out who your next NUS Conference Delegates, Part-Time and Full-Time Officers are here.
PG Connections: Arts & Crafts Social
Postgrads! Come to The Graduate tonight from 5pm-7pm for an arts & crafts social as part of the PG Connections campaign. This is a great opportunity to socialise with other PG students, follow along with a painting workshop, and eat delicious food! Free entry. Supported by the Warwick Innovation Fund.
GLOW
It's the last GLOW of Term 2! LGBTQUIA+ folks and friends, let's make it a vibrant night to remember! Tuesday 12th March at the Terrace Bar. 5pm-12am. Free entry.
University Mental Health Day
#UniMentalHealthDay is an annual day to get the nation talking about student mental health and working together to make mental health a university-wide priority. Join Student Minds and UMHAN on Thursday 14th March 2024 and let’s work together to ensure that no student is held back by their mental health.
Easter Vacation Opening Times
You've made it to the end of Term 2! We hope you have a lovely Easter break where you can rest and recharge. Click here to look at the SU Easter Vacation opening times, which will also include our Easter Shutdown.
PG Connections: Easter Break Sport Social
On Saturday 23rd March from 6-8pm, come along to the badminton courts at the Sports and Wellness Hub to meet your fellow postgraduate students & Vaish (VP Postgraduates), play some Badminton and win prizes! Part of the PG Connections campaign. Free entry. Supported by the Warwick Innovation Fund.
Culture Week coming soon...
Mark your calendars for the event of the year, as the SU brings you CULTURE WEEK starting Monday 29th April! Expect a week full of vibrant, society-led events and activities celebrating diversity, creativity and unity! More details to follow in Term 3.
Save the Date: A2Z
On Friday 3rd May, the amazing conclusion of Culture Week will be our A2Z event! Save the date, and look out for more info in Term 3.
National Student Survey
Calling final-year students! The NSS is your opportunity to give honest feedback on your course, so we can make improvements to the Warwick student experience. All students eligible to complete the NSS will be entered into a prize draw to win cash prizes or vouchers.
Could you be a Student Trustee?
Are you enthusiastic, committed and reliable? Do you want to represent the views of Warwick students? Do you want to develop valuable skills and increase your employability? If this sounds like you, then you could be a Student Trustee. Click here to find out more and apply.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email