24-25t1week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 10 (w/c 2nd December) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning, everyone!
As Mariah would say, it’s tiiiiiiime to submit your final assignments and enjoy some well-earned time off over winter break! If you're sticking around, make sure to look over our Opening Hours
here
.
Now that we're back to December, it's going to get dark quite early, and it’s important you stay safe on campus. The University has pulled together some
resources
you can rely on over the winter break.
We, the officer team, have just
published
our Collective and Individual priorities for the year! We'll let you know how we're doing as we go, but it's safe to say that we are going strong!
If you'd like to work as a Full-Time Officer (or even Part-Time, alongside your degree) next year, have a look at what
roles
will be up for the
Spring Officer Elections!
Congratulations
to those of you clocked on to my hidden Easter eggs over the past ten weeks! I try and sneak in a lyric or two into the Newsletter each week, especially from Taylor or Fall Out Boy, so keep an eye out for what's coming
next 😉
See you after New Year's Day!
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Have a wonderful winter vacation!
We hope you have a wonderful and well-deserved winter break! If you're still on campus, you can find the opening hours for our outlets and services here.From all of us at the SU, Happy Holidays and we'll see you in 2025!
The Food Station Christmas Special
It's your last chance to enjoy the Turkey, Stuffing & Gravy Toasted Sandwich! Get all the festive feels in a toasty bite for just a fiver! Also included in Meal Deal for £6.50. Veggie option (Brie, Roast Peppers & Cranberry) also available for £4.50, or Meal Deal for £6!
Stay Safe Off-Campus
Safety on and off-campus is important, whether you’re heading home for the break or staying in the area. Make sure you know who to contact if you need help.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: 16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence
The crisis of gender-based violence is urgent. Nearly 1 in 3 women experience violence in their lifetime. There is no excuse for violence against women and girls; it can and must be prevented. You can read UN Women's facts and figures for ending violence against women here.
Term 2 Tickets Release Date
For those of you who are eagerly anticipating our POP! and club nights, tickets are dropping at 12pm Noon on Friday 3rd January. Add a reminder in your calendar now!
Spring Officer Elections
Want to be involved in running your SU? Starting Monday 13th January, you can nominate yourself or a friend for a Full-Time or Part-Time Officer position. Take a look at the available roles here.
Funding Opportunities
Got big ideas but need funding to make them happen? Your Students’ Union has a range of  funding pots  available to help YOU bring your projects, events, or personal goals to life!
Housemates Wanted Forum
Following on our housing theme over the last couple of weeks, if you're looking for housing buddies to live with in the coming year then check out our Housemates Wanted Forum here!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email