24-25t2week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 10 (w/c 10th March) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Good afternoon, party people!
First of all:
Congratulations
are in order. You made it to the end of term! Spring break is only a few days away, so be sure to check out our opening times
here
.
Were people harassing you to vote for them last week? Don't worry, it's over now! (or is it...👀)  Find most of our Spring Officer Elections results on our website - we will be updating you on your President Elect by the end of this week, barring any further procedural irregularities 😊
Nominations for our Union Awards open TODAY!! You will be able to nominate any and all stellar students/BNOCs and societies that deserve to be immortalised in our history until the 27th of April. Our funding opportunities will also be open till the 30
th
of April, so don't miss out!!
Wishing you a load of perfect days when the sun's up and you can leave the work to someone else (until term 3!)... ☀️
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Spring Officer Elections: Results
Thank you to everyone who voted in the Spring Officer Elections! Find out who will be representing you for the 2025/26 academic year here.
Easter Vacation Opening Hours
We're coming up to the end of Term 2! We hope you have an amazing and well-deserved break. We'll still be around though! Check out our Easter opening times here.
Nominate in the Union Awards!
Nominations for the Societies, Sports and Student Voice & Impact Awards are open! Who deserves recognition for their hard work throughout this year? You have until 12pm on Sunday 27th April to nominate.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: University Mental Health Day
This Thursday is #UniMentalHealthDay, where we highlight student mental health. We know how hard university can be, and we encourage you to talk about it and access support if you need. The SU Advice Centre and University Wellbeing Services are here for you; there's no shame in reaching out.
Sportswear For All Fund
The Sportswear For All Fund is open until 30th April! This fund will provide financial assistance to support individuals and clubs who want to purchase any sportswear or equipment that would benefit their welfare and allow them to feel comfortable participating in sport.
Last chance to tell Curio about your coffee shop habits!
Curiositea want to find out your coffee habits! It's open for anyone that uses coffee shops on campus, and the information gained from this survey will be completely anonymous. Their survey closes this Friday!
Coming Soon: Liberation Conference 2025
Led by the Decolonise Collective, LibCon 2025 is a resurrection of previous LibCons, featuring a collaborative set of workshops, talks and discussions.
Term 3 Ticket Drop
Save the date! Tickets for Term 3 events will be dropping on Monday 7th April! Make sure to follow our socials to keep updated!
Sustainability Careers Fair
This Fair is for all Warwick students who are interested in a career in sustainability or a sustainability-related field. Join us in the Atrium on Tuesday 11th March from 12pm!
Warwick Sustainability: Becoming Circular Workshop this Wednesday
Calling all university students ready to rethink the way we live, consume, and innovate! Becoming Circular is a dynamic four-part workshop series designed to inspire and empower you to challenge current systems and shape a more sustainable, circular economy.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email