25-26t3week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 1
W/C 27th April
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
The email guy is back!
Bringing you the joy (or at least tolerance) of reading SU updates to kickstart your wonderful week at Warwick.
Hope you all had a great Easter break and managed to switch off a bit, unless of course you had exams and deadlines keeping you up.
If we’re doing quick life updates, I finally dragged myself back to the gym after weeks of “I’ll go tomorrow”, so things are looking up.
Before we get into what’s coming up, just a quick Thank you from me for actually reading these, replying, reacting, stopping me on campus about them.
I do the intro bit, which is basically me speaking my heart out as your President, but the real work  behind everything you see below is done by someone who pulls all of this together, makes it make sense, and gently (not so gently) nudges me to get this written on time.
So, properly introducing the person behind the scenes, the miracle worker herself, Martha Coleman, our Creative Content Coordinator. If you enjoy these emails, it’s mostly her. If you don’t…still mostly her.
Now, onto what’s coming up this week:
Sports Ball tickets go live from 12pm, one of the biggest nights of the year.
Union Awards nominations are closing next week, so don’t miss the chance to recognise people doing great work around you.
Eat Well Hub is now running on Tuesday and Thursday mornings during term time, and you’ll also see more below on Renters Rights, with the Renters Reform Act 2025 coming into place.
That’s me done, have a look through the updates below.
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Nominations closing soon for Union Awards!
Nominations for the Societies, Sports and Student Voice & Impact Awards close on Tuesday 5th May at 12pm! Who do you think deserves recognition this year for all their amazing work? Nominate them here!
Learn More
Make Your Mark in the Summer Elections!
Could you be a Faculty Rep or Forum Member? Do you know someone who would be a great Disabled Students' Officer or Trans Students' Officer? Put yourself forward in our Summer Elections!
Learn More
Sports Ball 2026
It's the one you've all been waiting for... Sports Ball 2026! The biggest and most popular social event of the calendar year! Tickets drop at 12pm today!
Learn More
Term 3 tickets on sale!
Don't stress about exams, and plan your Term 3 nights out! Secure your place for POP!, Skool Dayz and more!
Learn More
Eat Well Hub Update
This term, The Eat Well Hub will take place on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 8:30am–10:00am, in the SUHQ Green Room. Fuel up with a tasty selection of healthy options including wholemeal bread, oats, wheat cereals, delicious fruit and fresh fruit juices!
Learn More
Renters Rights Act 2025
As of the 1st of May 2026, new laws effecting private renters will come into effect. This is called the Renters Rights Act 2025.The Advice Centre Team have put together a helpful guide of what this means for our students. You can see our guidance and FAQs here.
Learn More
Annual Student Members Meeting
Join us on Tuesday 5th May from 5pm at Radcliffe Space 2 for the Warwick Students' Union annual Student Members' Meeting! It's your chance to hear what the Union has been up to, how we spend our budget and the impact it has on shaping the Warwick student experience.
Learn More
Stagecoach Bus Update
Stagecoach has introduced changes to bus services between the University of Warwick and Leamington Spa. Read more about them here.
Learn More
Roadworks Update
From the 26th-31st May, there will be multi-way traffic lights near campus to facilitate National Grid works. Make sure to plan accordingly as delays will be expected.
Learn More
Perform at the Warwick Student Arts Festival!
WSAF is a fully student-run, free four-day showcase and celebration of the arts at Warwick. Tap here if you want to get involved!
Learn More
Postgraduate Taught Experience Survey
Calling all Postgraduate Taught students! We want to hear about your experience of your course. This is open to both full-time and part-time students. Open until Friday 12th June!
Learn More
Environmental Sustainability Strategy launch
In consultation with staff and students, Warwick’s refreshed Environmental Sustainability strategy has taken shape. Explore how we plan to lead the sector here.
Learn More
Warwick Sustainability: Biodiversity Walk
On Wednesday 6th May, you can experience a unique guided walk to explore Gibbet Hill Wood with the Woodland Trust. Sign up is essential!
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL