23-24t3week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 5 (w/c 20th May) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Welcome to Week 5!
We're kicking off the week with your termly dose of sweet, sweet democracy. Voting in your Summer Elections is now
OPEN
, so make sure you cast your vote now for your next VP for Postgrads, your Forum Reps, and Faculty Reps. Voting closes 12pm this Friday.
The Student Feedback Survey
, which we run in collaboration with the University, is now open! This is your chance to tell both us and the University what has been going well, what needs some work, and what we can do to enhance your experience at Warwick. You could also win up to £100 in vouchers!
We've got a number of events to look forward to this week, kicking off with the Postgrad Pub Quiz at the Graduate from 7pm tonight, and our LGBTQUIA+ event
GLOW
in Terrace Bar on Tuesday night. You can also enjoy the classic Quackstar Karaoke on Wednesday and Cleverducks Quiz on Thursday at the Dirty Duck, and finish off your week with a fun Friday night at Juicy!
If you haven't already, please do sign up for your free ticket to the
Trans Activism and Inclusion Conference
in June. This 2 day conference is completely free and fully catered, and you will have the opportunity to join inspiring conversations with trans people and active allies. The deadline to sign up is this Wednesday.
If you'd like a couple of helpful bits to help through exams, the University have launched a tool to
help students find study spaces
, including information about accessibility. Hop on and find your dream learning location now! In addition, the SU stock over 30 bathrooms across campus with free menstrual products through our
End Period Poverty
campaign. Find out where you can grab your free products below.
And finally, next Monday is Bank Holiday and so the SU will be closed, so please come and pop in before then if you need to speak to someone.
Otherwise, have a great week and good luck with all assignments, revision, examinings and other academic responsibilities ??
Anna Taylor
President
Vote Now in the Summer Elections!
Voting is now open for the Summer Elections! It's time to decide who your next Academic Reps, Faculty Reps and Forum Members are, along with the next VP for Postgraduates. Click here to Make Your Mark and vote!
Student Feedback Survey
The Student Feedback Survey - our joint SU/Uni survey - is now open. Let us know what has been working well this term and where we can do better, and you could win up to £100 of Amazon vouchers.
GLOW
We're halfway through the term, which means GLOW is back at the Terrace Bar! If you're an LGBTQUIA+ student or an ally, this is the night for you! Join us on Tuesday 21st May from 5pm-12am. Free entry.
Time is Running Out to Sign Up!
Sign ups for our Trans Activism & Inclusion Conference close on Wednesday 22nd May! This 2 day conference is completely free and fully catered, and you will have the opportunity to join inspiring conversations with trans people and active allies. Click here to sign up.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
Postgrads! Grab your smartest mates, think of the funniest team name and head down to The Graduate tonight from 7pm for your PG Pub Quiz! Take a break from stressful exam revision this Monday evening, and treat yourself to an evening of fun!
End Period Poverty
As part of our End Period Poverty campaign, we are supplying over 30 bathrooms across campus with free menstrual products. Click here to find out where you can pick up your free products.
Find Your Perfect Study Space
The university has released a new tool to help students find study spaces on campus that meet their needs. It will help students find spaces that they didn't know exist, and is particularly useful for those with accessibility requirements. Find out more here
Bank Holiday next Monday
This is a reminder that Monday 27th May is a Bank Holiday, so the SU will be closed. Services will reopen as normal on Tuesday 28th May.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email