25-26t1week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 10
W/C 8th December
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
Last week I finally received my first “hi” back after weeks of signing off my emails with “hi when you see me,” so I’m buzzing to know my emails are slowly making a difference 😂
As we head into the break, I want to wish you a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. If you’re staying on campus, make sure you check out the festive events our wonderful VP Postgraduates, Maanya, has put together – speaking from experience, these gatherings genuinely help build community during what can otherwise feel like quite an isolating time. Don’t miss the chance to be part of that warmth.
Below you’ll find everything for Week 10: SU Winter Vacation opening times, PG festive events, Free Breakfast Club moving into our new Food For Thought campaign in Term 2, and of course… Spring Officer Elections coming soon (think of the eyes emoji here to symbolise “keep an eye out”)
Until next term,
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Christmas Vacation Opening Hours
'Tis the most wonderful time of the year! As the term soon wraps up, check out our upcoming opening hours ahead of the festive break. The SU will also be closed from Saturday 19th December 2025 - 5th January 2026.
Learn More
Officer Updates: Christmas Break Events
Maanya (VP Postgraduates) has organised some lovely events to create a warm, inclusive, and relaxing environment for students staying on campus during the festive season. Check them out here!
Learn More
Got any brilliant ideas for 2026?
Whether it’s about your academic life, wellbeing, clubs or societies, democracy or liberation - we want to hear from you! You could transform the SU and University with your brilliant ideas!
Learn More
Could you lead your Students' Union?
Our Spring Officer Elections are coming soon! You could have the opportunity to represent your peers and evoke change, as well as potentially open doors into a variety of careers. You can go through the roles available here.
Learn More
The final (Free) Breakfast Club is tomorrow!
The (Free) Breakfast Club will be evolving in 2026 as part of our new Food for Thought campaign, designed to better support students who need it most. Click to find out more.
Learn More
Free period products
Don't forget, you can grab free period products from over 30 bathrooms across campus! Find your closest pick-up point here.
Learn More
Sexual Health at Warwick
The SU is committed to supporting students to make informed decisions about their sexual health, and improving access to services such as sexual health testing. Find out more here.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL