24-25t1week9
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 9 (w/c 25th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning, folks!
It's week 9 and we're almost at the finish line- we'll get through this! Lean back and breathe..
Just a couple of highlights from me: the Women's Health Webinar is tonight, so make sure to sign up if you still haven't
here
! We're hosting a "Green Tuesday" (instead of Black Friday) Clothes Swap in the Atrium tomorrow, introduced by our VP Welfare & Campaigns, Naomi, and our VP Democracy & Development, Sasha. We've also got an event called "Seeds of Change" taking place tomorrow to mark the end of Islamophobia Awareness Month.
In collaboration with Warwick Sport, our VP Sports, Louis, and Naomi, are launching This Girl Can! Find out more
here
. This week also marks the beginning of the 16 Days of Activism Against Gender Based Violence - if you'd like to get involved in our Safer Warwick campaign, make sure to reach out to us 🙂
I've also started a weekly show called SUQs (after PMQs) with our Award-winning student radio station,
RAW
! Make sure to send in any questions on our Instagram poll and tune in every Friday at noon to know what your Union is up to. Isn't anybody gonna hold me accountable?
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Norovirus Warning
Our local NHS trust have advised that Norovirus cases are high across Coventry and Warwickshire. If you have been displaying symptoms of norovirus, you should avoid visiting campus where possible and not return to lectures or work until 48 hours after symptoms have stopped.
New Living Off-campus Webpages
If you’re starting to think about where you want to live next year, check out the University’s new Living Off-Campus webpages. Designed to help you with all the diverse aspects of moving off campus, to make sure you reach the right information and people to help you!
Green Tuesday Swap Shop
Black Friday? No, thanks! Join us for Green Tuesday, where sustainability meets style at our Swap Shop, in collaboration with fellow students, societies, and the University Sustainability team. It’s time to say goodbye to fast fashion and hello to eco-friendly finds!
Islamophobia Awareness Month event: Seeds of Change
Let’s grow together! This year’s theme, Seeds of Change, highlights how small actions can lead to big transformations. Join us for an interactive session focused on building awareness about Islamophobia and exploring the role we all play in creating positive change.
Tonight: Women's Health Webinar
Ready to take charge of your health? Eve is hosting a fun, interactive webinar with expert doctors, covering everything from sexual health and gynaecology to overall wellness. We’ll show you how simple habits can make a BIG difference in how you feel. You can still sign up here!
FTO Wellbeing Corner: 16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence
16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence is an international campaign that runs each year from November 25th (The International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women) to December 10th (Human Rights Day), advocating for the prevention and elimination of violence against women and girls.
The Food Station Christmas Special
Treat yourself to the Turkey, Stuffing & Gravy Toasted Sandwich, only available at The Food Station. Get all the festive feels, now in a toasty, melty bite for just a fiver! Also included in Meal Deal for £6.50.
Housing Day FAQs
Missed our Housing Day event? No worries! Our FAQ page should answer any questions you have about your housing journey as a student. If you still need more housing advice, you can get in touch with our Advice Centre.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email