22-23t3week2
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 2 w/c 1st May All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
This week to get your attention we have DOGS! Yes that’s right, these seasoned professionals trained in the art of looking cute and cuddly are back, as part of our Pressure Drop.
We also have a very important statement on the marking and assessment boycott recently announced by UCU, please follow the link for more information.
Finally, we have last calls for our Chair of Council nominations and the Postgraduate Research Experience Survey, which is a great opportunity to shape the future experience of PGRs at Warwick.
I hope you all have a great week.
Will Brewer
SU President
Pressure Drop - Pets as Therapy
Did you know that dogs can contribute to your overall sense of happiness and general wellbeing? Head over to the SU Atrium on Wednesday 3rd May from 1.30pm-3pm for some puppy love!
Let's Talk about Classism: How does class impact the experience and voice of WP Students?
Join our WP Officer Kieran and the Founder of the 93% Club Thalia Sheriff Horner, for a discussion about how does class impact the experience and voice of WP Students. Funded by the Warwick Innovation Fund. Thursday 4th May, 1pm-2pm in OCO.03 (Occulus Theatre).
Chair of Council nominations closes soon
Could you be the next Chair of Council? Could you lead the Student Council and ensure that all voices are heard? You only have until 12pm Noon on Thursday 4th May to nominate yourself!
Postgraduate Research Experience Survey closes soon
Postgrads, listen up! The Postgraduate Research Experience Survey closes on Tuesday 9th May! Don't miss your opportunity to let the university know your thoughts and feedback, which will shape the experience of future Postgradute students.
Loud and Proud is back!
Loud and Proud is back at the Copper Rooms 2 tonight from 10pm! This is THE club night for LGBTQUIA+ students and all their allies at Warwick. £3 entry.
Skool Days Saturday
Skool Days Saturday is back in The Copper Rooms Saturday 6th May from 10am-2pm! It's time to re-live the best (and worst!) tunes from your misspent youth. £6 entry. Circles from 7pm.
Drop in: Optimising your mental health for exams
The University of Warwick's Wellbeing Support Team are offering drop-in sessions to offer an understanding of how stress and anxiety impacts you, and to give you practical tools and techniques you can use to optimise your mental health as you prepare for exams and deadlines. Find out more here.
The best of Barbershop is coming to town!
Join the annual Sweet Adelines Championships at Warwick Arts Centre on Friday 12th and Saturday 13th May, and experience the power of fabulous barbershop singing at the highest level! Our award winning acappella group The Leamingtones, will be delivering a beatboxing masterclass during the Saturday night afterglow!
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email