23-24t2week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 8 (w/c 26th February) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning all,
It's all eyes on sports this afternoon, as we celebrate
Warwick's 34
th
consecutive Varsity Win
over the weekend -
congratulations
Team Warwick, you've done us proud!
We're also in the final countdown to Spring Officer Elections now, with voting opening next week. To hear more about your candidates, why not join us at one of the Question Time hustings taking place this week -
NUS Conference Delegate
candidates will be on Wednesday, with
Part-Time Officers
on Thursday and
Full-Time Officers
on Friday. If you have a
question you'd like to ask the candidates
, you can submit them until 4pm on Wednesday.
Some of our more regular fixtures are back this week too: our
Women and Non-Binary Self Defence classes
are on Tuesdays at the Sports Hub, and
Vintage Vera
is back in the Atrium this Friday for those of you who fancy picking up something old but something new.
POP!
is also back this Wednesday, and
Skool Dayz
is making a triumphant return to the Copper Rooms this Saturday - so grab your tickets if you haven't already!
Other than that, we're sending vibes of calmness and resilience to help get through the Week 8 slump - we're almost at the end of term, so just hang in there! Whether you're starting to revise, or prepping for assignment deadlines - good luck, you've got this!
Anna Taylor
President
Varsity: Results
Warwick are VARSITY 2024 WINNERS! Congratulations to everyone involved from both Warwick and Coventry, and thank you to everyone who came down to show their support. See the final scores here.
Spring Officer Elections: 1 Week Till Voting Opens!
Voting opens for the Spring Officer Elections in 7 days! We also have our Candidate Question Times taking place this week, where you can ask your vital questions to candidates. Click here to submit your questions before 4pm on Wednesday 28th February.
Your Midweek Mayhem at POP!
Sometimes you don't want a sophisticated night out - all you really crave are pure, unadulterated and unapologetic pop bangers with a twist of guilty pleasures! Join Disco Dave every Wednesday from 10pm in The Copper Rooms for some POP! Circling starts at 7pm. £6 entry.
Skool Dayz this Saturday
Skool Dayz is back in The Copper Rooms this Saturday from 10pm! Get ready to dance the night away to timeless classics from the 90s, 00s and 10s. Circling starts at 7pm - you must purchase a Circling ticket to attend to manage capacity. £6 Entry.
Women & Non-Binary Self Defence Classes
Our free self-defence classes for women & non-binary people every Tuesday during term from 4-5pm will equip you with the skills needed for self-defence and boosting confidence, drawing on a range of martial arts and combat sports. Maximum of 40 spaces for each class - first-come, first-serve basis.
Vintage Vera
Vintage Vera is back for a Kilo Sale in The Atrium this Friday from 10am-4:30pm! Sift through their hoards of Grade A vintage goods, shipped directly from the USA. You can buy a KILO of amazing apparel for just £20! Free entry. Click here to find out more.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email