25-26t2week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 4
W/C 2nd February
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
Hope you’re settling into the week well.
This week is Green Week and it’s a great chance to engage with sustainability in a way that feels accessible and relevant.
The Warwick Sustainability Forum are hosting a range of events and working closely with lots of societies across campus.
A big thank you to our Environment and Ethics Officer, Helena Ratcliffe, and all the brilliant students and volunteers working together to make this week happen.
Have a look at our Instagram to see what’s on and get involved in whatever way works for you.
On a very different note, we’re also showing Super Bowl LX live in the Dirty Duck this Sunday. Patriots vs Seahawks, big screens and a good atmosphere if you fancy ending the week with something fun.
You’ll find everything else happening this week below.
Yours truly,
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Which FTO are you? Take our quiz!
Which Officer do you see yourself as? Take our fun little quiz and find out! Don't forget to also nominate in the Spring Officer Elections!
Learn More
Watch Super Bowl LX LIVE at the Dirty Duck!
Watch the epic showdown between the New England Patriots and the Seattle Seahawks LIVE this Sunday at the Dirty Duck from 9pm! With great food and drink deals on offer, join us for full coverage throughout the night, including the epic half-time show!
Learn More
Coming Soon: Sexual Health & Guidance Festival
Get ready for SHaG Fest – the SU's exciting annual celebration of sexual health, body positivity and healthy relationships! From advice from sexual health experts, free condoms and lube through to demonstrations, don’t miss out on this energetic, informative, and inclusive event! Sponsored by Sagami.
Learn More
Menstrual Health Day with Lunaire on Thursday 12th February
This event is a dedicated day for students who menstruate to access free, expert-led information on menstrual and reproductive health. It aims to create an open, supportive space to learn more about common and lesser-known conditions, better understand symptoms, and feel empowered to seek help when needed.
Learn More
Sexual Health Drop-in clinic
With BHA for Equality, we'll be setting up an STI testing area in the SU Advice Centre on Wednesday 11th February to access FREE professional asymptomatic testing, advice & condoms. If you're worried, need to know more, or just want to double check and be safe, this is for you!
Learn More
Community Iftar
The Islamic Society will be hosting their Community Iftar in the Islamic Prayer Hall this Thursday. Iftar is the meal Muslims eat when breaking their fast after sunset. Come along and understand more about their practices, get to know one another, and enjoy some free food!
Learn More
Warwick Sustainability: Wombles Litter Pick
Help make campus safer for wildlife during Green Week, meet new people and contribute to your Warwick Award! Sign up here.
Learn More
Funds Available from your SU
We have various student-led funds which provide necessary financial support to our student community, making everyday life at university that little bit easier. Find out which funds we have here.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL