25-26t1week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 8
W/C 24th November
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
There is a lot going on this week and you can see everything below, but I wanted to start with something that has been on our minds lately.
The fire in AV1 last week was genuinely upsetting. I feel really sorry for the students who lost belongings and had their whole routine shaken up.
At the same time, I am so relieved that no one was harmed. Since that night we have been working closely with the University to reduce the impact as much as we can. Me and Ollie, your Vice President for Welfare and Campaigns, were in Westwood the next day speaking to as many of you as possible.
If we missed you, or if you know someone who is affected and has not heard from us, please know you are not on your own. Our Advice Centre can help you with anything you need, including the insurance process. You can also reach out to me personally. My email and number are on the SU webpage, or you can just come by the SU.
We want the University and the SU to keep working closely together on this, but we need to know what support you need, so please tell us.
I also want to thank every staff member who supported students through this. The sense of community that night was honestly heartwarming. A special shout out to Christian Union for turning up with hot chocolate and food for displaced students, and to Islamic Society for opening the prayer room to anyone who needed space or comfort.
I have heard from both University staff and students from AV1 about how much this meant. I am really proud of you all.
With commitment to every student
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Christmas Fayre
Come along to the Piazza this Wednesday to kick off the festive season! There'll be markets, craft workshops, performances, and we'll be switching on the campus Christmas lights!
Learn More
Skool Dayz this Saturday
It's the final Warwick retro party of 2025! Dance the night away to 00s and 10s pop bangers, hip hop hits, electronic dance classics and more. Don't miss out and grab your tickets here.
Learn More
SU Updates - Regional Influence, Red Tape & SUQs
Your Officers are keeping you in the loop! James (VP Democracy & Development) shares an update about meeting with the University of Birmingham, and how we’re continuing to be transparent and accountable to you.
Learn More
Fund Your Idea!
Have an amazing project that needs funding? There are 3 SU pots of money you can bid from, which are administered by the SU Forums, made up of elected students, Full-Time Officers and Part-Time Officers. Find out what fund could apply to you here.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL