24-25t2week9
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 9 (w/c 3rd March) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello, everyone,
Hot news coming at you straight from the source: VOTING IS NOW OPEN for the Spring Officer Elections!! 🫨
You can choose who the next leaders of the SU should be. Make your voice heard (and grab some free hot drinks from Curio and a couple of vegan gummy bears) this week and join us at TBar for Results night on Friday! The first 100 voters to get there will get a free drink on us...
It's also International Women's Week! Be sure to check out the events our Women's Officer, Gursimar, has organised for you below.
Fun fact: the 8th of March, International Women's Day, is also the University's birthday ☀️
See y'all on Friday night!
Your SU President
(until August 😳)
,
Enaya Nihal
Vote now in the Spring Officer Elections!
It's time to Make Your Mark and vote for your Full-Time and Part-Time Officers for 2025/26! Voting closes at 4pm on Friday 7th March.
Let's celebrate International Women's Day!
To support International Women's Day on Saturday 8th March, join us for a week full of empowering talks featuring incredible speakers!
Finance Fair
We know that managing finances can feel overwhelming, especially when you're moving into your next academic year. Learn how to survive and thrive in the Atrium from 10am–3pm on Tuesday 4th March.
Thrift Thursday
Join the circular fashion movement! Thrift, save, and make an impact on Thursday 6th March in The Atrium & Piazza from 10am-4pm. Find out which amazing stalls will be joining us here.
Euphoria: Your student-led LGBTQUIA+ night
Come in at 10pm on Friday the 7th of March and leave euphoric at 2am, with tickets HOT-TO-GO for £5 for members, £5.50 for non members. Music is suggested by the community, so you set the tone - it's your design!
BUCS Nationals 2025
We had a fantastic weekend at BUCS Nationals with some amazing performances and results across all 6 sports, and I have shared the full highlights here.
Warwick Sustainability: Energy Tour
Sign up for the Energy Tour this Tuesday! This walk will last for 50 minutes and will focus on some of the energy projects on campus. As well as learning about energy infrastructure and projects, they are a great opportunity to get outdoors and explore more of campus.
Warwick Sustainability: Wildlife crafts with Warwickshire Wildlife Trust
Join the experts from the Warwickshire Wildlife Trust this Wednesday on this fun, indoor activity and get crafty for wildlife! All equipment will be provided for these easy DIY projects and guidance will be given. All you need to bring is enthusiasm!
Sustainability Careers Fair
The Warwick Climate Justice Campaigns team, your Climate Justice Exec Rebecca and two of your Officers, Sasha and Muneeba, are running a FREE in-person, student-led Sustainability Careers Fair! Find out the details here.
Final-year students, this one's for you!
The National Student Survey (NSS) is your opportunity to give honest feedback on your course, so we can make improvements to the Warwick student experience. All students eligible to complete the NSS will be entered into a prize draw to win cash prizes or vouchers!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email