22-23t2week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 9th January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Happy New Year everyone!
Term 2 at the SU is already shaping up to be jam-packed with events, opportunities and fish fingers.
The main headline this week is that
nominations for Spring Elections are now open
! It is at these elections that we vote for the future leadership of the SU, with our
7 Full-time (paid) and 7 Part-time Officers.
They are incredibly influential roles, and an amazing experience with lots of opportunities to make a difference. There are a huge variety of part-time roles available, including Women’s Officer, Disabled Students' Officer, and Ethnic Minorities Officer, and the Full-time roles include all the Vice Presidents, such as Welfare & Campaigns, Education and my role as President.
There are many other roles to explore, so please
have a look for something that interests you
, nominate yourself and Make Your Mark!
To those of you with exams this week, I wish you the best of luck and I hope you all have an amazing Term 2. If you’re ever struggling, don’t forget that there is help available at the
SU Advice Centre
or
University Wellbeing Services.
Will Brewer
SU President
Spring Officer Elections are here
Nominations are now open to become one of our Full-time (paid) or Part-time Student Officers. Any current student can apply but if you are applying for a Part-time position, you must be a student for the next academic year.
Fish Finger Fri-Yay!
The Bread Oven brings a baguette revolution that's here to make every Friday that teeny bit more special. Hot, succulent, crisp-coated fish fingers in your choice of Brown or White baguette (or Gluten Free wrap). What's not to love?
Welfare Stand – volunteers needed!
Come volunteer for the Welfare Stand in our SU venues, in collaboration with Sexpression Warwick – distributing condoms, bottle/drink stoppers, menstrual products and more – keeping you and your friends safe! If interested, please contact campaigns@warwicksu.com
Fantastic Nights Out
Are you new to Warwick this year? Or perhaps you haven't experienced SU events before? Why not check out our fantastic regular events line-up, from our Loud and Proud night for LGBTQUIA+ students and allies, to guilty pleasures with DJ Disco Dave at POP!
Welcome to Term 2
Welcome back, and Happy New Year! There's loads coming up in Term 2, including the Spring Elections and the annual Varsity tournament. Take a look at our short animation for a taste of what's in store.
University Spring Welcome Activities
Warwick University is looking forward to welcoming mobility students in January 2023, and they will have plenty of activities for you to take part in throughout Spring term.
Vintage Clothing Pop Up
TVC will be in the SU Atrium 10am - 4pm this Wednesday, with an amazing selection of hand-picked vintage attire at unbelievably low prices!
Housemates Wanted Forum
Are you looking for housemates or want to advertise a spare room in your student property? Our Housemates Wanted Forum is available for all students, to help you find the perfect housemates!
Sports Club Taster Sessions
To kick off Term 2, our sports clubs have opened up taster sessions! To view and book the sessions: 1. Log in at warwick.ac.uk/services/sport/login 2. Click the Advanced Search Option and select the Activity Type as SU Club Bookings 3. Set the ‘to date’ one week ahead and then search
SU Advice Centre
The SU Advice Centre, is a free, professional, confidential, non-judgmental service, independent from the University. If you are experiencing a problem in relation to your studies, accommodation, money or personal problems and need our help, please use our enquiry form to get in touch.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email