24-25t3week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 4
W/C 12th May
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Morning, peeps!
The weather's looking like a lil' taste of heaven this week (apart from that thunderstorm warning today, yikes!)
A quick one from me - win a free Curio drink by completing our "Which Forum Girlie Are You?" quiz and make sure to smell the flowers in the middle of a deadline-heavy week by attending our Pressure Drop: Pressure Prophecy event on Friday!
See ya soon...
Your SU President (until August!!),
Enaya Nihal
Nominate now in the Summer Elections!
We're looking for our next Faculty Reps, Forum Members and the next VP Sports! Could it be you? You have until 12pm on Thursday 22nd May to Make Your Mark and put yourself forward.
Learn More
Which 'Forum Girlie' are you?
Which forum do you align with? Take our quiz, and you could win a free drink from Curiositea!
Learn More
Pressure Drop: Pressure Prophecy
Let the pressure drop this exam season! In collaboration with the university's DeStresstival campaign, we're hosting this event so you can relax and enjoy some freebies!
Learn More
Tocil Bridge Estates Works Update
This is an update regarding the Tocil Bridge from the university. Read the full statement here.
Learn More
Officer Message on Supreme Court Trans Ruling
Since universities will have to take action to comply with the changes in legislation, this ruling may affect trans students at Warwick. We state our support for the trans community here.
Learn More
60 Years of Warwick Exhibition
Our 60 Years of Warwick Exhibition is still open in the Atrium! Immerse yourself in our vibrant and passionate history, spanning over six decades.
Learn More
Exam Bag Storage at the Welcome Hub
Don't want to carry your bag around during exams? You can drop your bags at the Welcome Hub at SUHQ between 9am-5pm, Monday-Friday until Week 7.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL