23-24t1week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 7 (w/c 13th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning all,
Welcome to Week 7! This week is absolutely packed, with a number of Officer-led campaigns, events, and opportunities to look forward to, as well as our all-important All Student Vote - so strap in!
This week is Trans Awareness Week which we'll be observing with a Trans Student Experience Workshop on Friday, organised and hosted by your fantastic Trans Students' Officer, Dorian. Any trans students who would like to contribute to the conversation can see details and sign up
here
. It's also Trans Day of Remembrance next Monday, so feel free to join us on the Piazza to remember our trans friends and community members no longer with us.
Thursday also marks the beginning of Disability History Month! Your Disabled Students' Officer, Mads, and VP for Education, Hol, have been working hard with our societies and student reps to put together a programme of events - keep an eye on our socials to see more.
We're also looking to share anonymous stories from Warwick students to mark the 16 Days of Activism against Gender Based Violence - if you'd like to contribute to the campaign then submit your stories below for Enaya and Emma to take forward and incorporate into the campaign.
It's also Inter Faith Week, and to celebrate, Jewish Society's weekly Friday Night Dinner will be an
Inter Faith Friday Night Dinner
held in the Chaplaincy, which is welcome to anyone from any faith to eat together.
For those of you starting to plan your accommodation for next year, we also have a Housing Day coming up in a couple of weeks time - if you'd like to access support before then though feel free to
contact our Advice Centre
. Otherwise, we'll see you in the atrium on the 22nd!
If you're wanting to unwind this week, the PG Pub Quiz is back in the Graduate on Monday, Loud & Proud returns to the Copper Rooms on Tuesday, and for those indie-lovers out there, Sonic is this Saturday!
Finally - this week is our first
All Student Vote
of the year. A number of students have put forward motions for consideration, covering a wide range of issues. Your voice is important, so please do head to the website and have your say on the issues raised - and if you'd like to submit motions for any future votes then we'd love to hear from you! Come and speak to any one of our student officers, or our Student Voice Team (they live on the second floor of SUHQ, above Rootes Grocery!) to learn more about the process.
That's all from me for now - have a fantastic week!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Disability History Month
Disability History Month begins on the 16th November, and runs until the 16th December. Keep an eye on our socials to find out about any events we have planned!
All Student Vote
The first All Student Vote (ASV) opens tomorrow at 9am, and closes on Friday 17th November at 12pm Noon! Still a little unsure of what ASV is? Tap here to find out more.
Sonic this Saturday!
No need to make the perilous journey to Snobs in Birmingham for your classic indie night out! Grab your handbags and gladrags and head to The Copper Rooms! Saturday 18th November, 10pm-2am, £6 entry.
Loud & Proud
It's the last Loud & Proud of the term! Gaydio DJ Craig Law selects incredible queer anthems in a fantastic night where we can all be Loud and Proud! Tuesday 14th November in The Copper Rooms. 10pm-2am, £5 entry.
Share Your Story - #16days16stories
For the 16 Days of Activism against GBV Campaign, we're looking for stories about your experiences with Sexism at Warwick. Your published experiences will be anonymous, we will only release an audio recording of your story in order to protect your privacy. Tap here to fill out our form.
Housing Advice
The SU Advice Centre is a free, confidential service, independent from the University. Need housing advice? Come to our Housing Day on Wednesday 22nd November in the SU Atrium from 10am-4pm! Or contact an advisor here.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
The Postgrad Pub Quiz is back this week! Join us tonight in The Graduate from 7pm, and rack your brains with your smartest pals to victory! Free entry.
Student Feedback Survey
Time is running out to complete the Student Feedback Survey! Don’t miss the opportunity to help shape the student experience at Warwick, and have the chance to enter a prize draw to win 1 of 16 Amazon vouchers!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email