23-24t2week3
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 3 (w/c 22nd January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Happy Monday everyone!
The SU is back with a packed Week 3, so if you're looking for things to keep you busy this week then stay tuned.
Time is ticking for Spring Officer Elections nominations! They're still open at the moment, closing on Feb 6th, so if you're interested in running to be either a Full-Time Officer, Part-Time Officer or NUS Delegate, then visit one of the upcoming
candidate training sessions
and make sure you get your nominations in soon.
For the sportspeople among us and those wanting to be more active, the Sportswear For All fund is closing its application window this Friday. If you'd benefit from financial assistance to purchase items that would help you feel more comfortable, or support your welfare whilst playing sport or exercising, then please do put an application in.
As part of the
Safer at Warwick
campaign, we've put some resources together to give an overview of what you folks have been telling us about safety on campus, as well as how we're working with the University to tackle some of these issues.
And finally, we're got some exciting encores this week - Postgrad Pub Quiz returns to the Graduate tonight, our
Women and Non-Binary self defence classes
are back again this Tuesday, and the first
Loud and Proud
of Term 2 in the Copper Rooms from 10pm tomorrow as well. We hope to see you all there!
Have a great week!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Nominations are still open for Spring Officer Elections!
There's still time to nominate yourself or your friends for the various Full-Time and Part-Time Officer roles, as well as NUS delegates! Tap here to learn more.
Sportswear For All Fund Closes 2pm This Friday
The Sportswear For All Fund will provide financial assistance to support individuals and clubs who want to purchase any sportswear or equipment that would benefit their welfare and allow them to feel comfortable participating in sport. Tap here to apply.
Loud and Proud
DJ Craig Law is back in the Copper Rooms tomorrow from 10pm for a wonderful night full of queer anthems at Loud and Proud! Don't miss out and grab your tickets now for just a fiver!
Women & Non-Binary Self Defence Classes
Want to learn a new skill and boost your confidence? Book yourself a spot on our Women & Non-Binary self defence class, taking place every Tuesday during term from 4:30pm at the Sports Hub. They're free to attend, but make sure you book!
Safer Warwick Campaign webpage
As part of the Safer Warwick campaign, we've created a webpage to illustrate what issues Warwick students have faced regarding safety, what needs to change on campus, and how the SU and University will support and implement these changes. Find out how we're planning to make Warwick safer here.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz is back!
It's the first PG pub quiz of Term 2 tonight! Postgrad students, gather your mates and join us in The Graduate from 7pm-9pm. Put your heads together and test your knowledge! Free entry.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email