22-23t1week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 5 (w/c 31st October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone,
This week, our headline is about potatoes, of the baked variety. In an effort to ensure you read all of the amazing info in this email, I have decided to grab your attention with food.
That’s right, The Bread Oven is diversifying into also offering jacket potatoes!
We have our Tennis Women's 1s playing Birmingham 1s on Friday, on the Piazza Big Screen at 1pm, so be sure to come down and watch. Maybe you could even grab a jacket potato!
We are also aware that many of you are currently facing issues with buses. We are creating a complaints form so that you can raise your concerns, which we will then use to work with the University to lobby for a better service.
Will Brewer
SU President
The Bread Oven: Baked Potatoes
Fancy a winter warmer? The Bread Oven has just the thing. Fluffy baked potatoes, crammed with your choice of fillings from our deli counter. What's not to love?! Served from 11am until Week 8, choose from our huge selection of fillings. Grab them while they’re hot!
Student Council
The first Warwick SU Student Council of the year is happening tomorrow! Use this opportunity to debate on motions and policies that you want to see implemented to enable change. Join in the debate from 4-7pm in the Kevin Gately Room (SUHQ Building).
Rep My Flag (Halloween)
Rep My Flag (Halloween) is happening tonight! Dress in the colours of your country, with free face paint and surprises before midnight... Featuring Capital Xtra's DJ Teeshow, bringing you the best music from every continent. It’s not too late to get your tickets!
One to Watch
One to Watch is back! Catch a new sports fixture on the Big Screen on the Piazza, every Friday from 1-2pm. This week’s fixture is Tennis (Warwick Women's 1s v Birmingham Women’s 1s) – don’t miss it!
Halloween Ball Pics
Did you go to the Halloween Ball on Saturday? If you did, send us your pics from the event! We want to see all your ghoulish outfits, and the best ones will be featured on our social media this week. Just direct message us on Instagram with your pics.
Get Involved in Sports
Are you interested in a sports club at Warwick, but want some support? Our Ally Scheme is here to help! Click here to fill in the form, and you'll be matched with a friendly member of a sports club of your choice, who can come to sessions with you.
Stress Awareness Day
This Wednesday is Stress Awareness Day. If left unchecked, stress can cause longer-term problems with your physical and mental health. The SU Advice Centre is here for you; whether you need help, tips for managing stress or simply want to chat - contact the team.
Postgraduate Roadshow
Thinking about a Master’s degree or PhD study? Register for the Postgraduate Study Roadshow, in the Rootes Panorama Suite on campus on Thursday 10th November, 11.30am-3pm. Ask questions, and meet representatives from all Russell Group universities and get personalised advice.
What’s On
TOTUM discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us