23-24t2week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 7 (w/c 19th February) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone!
I'm back again for the second time ever! In Anna's absence you get me I'm afraid, your VP Education. Welcome to Week 7 - I hope those of you who got a reading week enjoyed the break, and everyone else had a good week regardless!
First, please do take some time to read through the SU's statement, calling for an immediate and permanent ceasefire in Gaza, that has been published today. You can read it on our
website
now.
We have a few events coming up this week: on Tuesday, we have
Loud and Proud
, our LGBTQUIA+ club night at Terrace Bar - tickets are available now.
This week is also Varsity week, where on Saturday we will see a showdown between Warwick and Coventry sports teams. To give us a taste, Warwick Women's Netball team are hosting a #TeamWarwick showcase on the Piazza on Tuesday, 11:30am-2:30pm - you won't want to miss it! You can view the fixtures for this weekend on our
website
.
In other news, the
WhatUni Choice Awards (WUSCAs) 2024
are coming - please do take some time to leave a review about your time at Warwick, you'll be in with a chance of winning a £200 voucher!
There's also still time for final year students to fill out the
National Student Survey
, giving you a chance to give honest feedback about your course. This feedback is actually used in the University's planning for future strategy, so your contribution is vital.
Coming up next week we have Question Time for our Spring Officer Elections, running from Wednesday 28
th
February until Friday 1
st
March - if you have any questions for candidates, fill out
this
form.
I hope you all have a great week - almost at the end of term now!
Holly Roffe
Vice President for Education
Warwick SU Calls For a Ceasefire in Gaza
Warwick SU have released a statement calling for an immediate, permanent?ceasefire and are condemning the violence taking place in Gaza. You can read it here.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
Postgrads, your Pub Quiz in The Graduate is back on tonight from 7pm! Grab your mates and head on over for one fun Monday night. It's free entry too!
Loud and Proud
Gaydio DJ Craig Law is back in the Copper Rooms on Tuesday, selecting incredible queer anthems to dance the night away! For all Loud and Proud supporters of the LGBTQUIA+ community, this night is a firm fixture on your termly calendar. 10pm-2am. £5 Entry.
Varsity this weekend & #TeamWarwick Showcase
Varsity is back this weekend! To prepare for the showdown, Warwick Women's Netball team are hosting a #TeamWarwick showcase on The Piazza this Tuesday from 11:30am-2:30pm. Bring friends and colleagues and take part in their fun netball challenge, where you could win a bunch of great prizes!
SU Advice Centre: Enquiry Form Issues
The SU Advice Centre are currently experiencing issues with enquiry forms. We apologise for this inconvenience. If you haven't heard back from the Advice Centre recently, or you need to get in touch, tap here to email them directly.
Whatuni Student Choice Awards (WUSCAs) 2024
The Whatuni Student Choice Awards (WUSCAs) are coming, and we’d love to hear from you. Please take a few minutes to leave a review about your time at Warwick, and your feedback will be shared with other students like you. You’ll also have the chance to win a £200 voucher!
Spring Officer Elections: Question Time
From Wednesday 28th February-Friday 1st March, we'll be hosting our Question Time for the Spring Officer Elections. If you have any questions for our Part-Time Officer, NUS Conference Delegates and Full-Time Officer candidates, tap here to fill out the form. We'll also be live-streaming every Question Time on Instagram: @warwicksuofficial.
National Student Survey
Final-year students: Don't forget to make your voice heard and fill out the National Student Survey! This is your opportunity to give honest feedback on your course, so we can make improvements to the Warwick student experience. You could also win either cash or vouchers in their prize draw.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email