24-25t1week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 5 (w/c 28th October)
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Afternoon folks,
We're officially
halfway through this term!
Seems like eons ago since the fun, lecture-free days of Welcome Week…
This week marks a number of exciting events: We’ll be celebrating
Diwali
(The Festival of Lights) and
Halloween
on the same day!! Join us on
Thursday afternoon
for some
creative workshops
(Rangoli and Diya making included) 🪔 and our
Halloween Ball
on
Saturday night
in the
Copper Rooms!
🎃
Friday
also marks the beginning of
Movember
and
Islamophobia Awareness Month
. Keep an eye out to see the
events we're planning with societies!
We'll also be adding an
Officer-led 'Wellbeing Corner'
to your weekly newsletter, featuring our V
P Welfare and Campaigns, Naomi
! She'll be
showcasing
some of the
excellent wellbeing support and advice available to you
throughout the term.
Finally, feel so high school this
Sunday
for the
Warwick Wolves x NTU Renegades
Touchdown event, featuring a
halftime performance
by our very own
Warwick Devils
🏈
I'll catch you all next week!
Enaya Nihal
Your President at Warwick SU
Hip Hop Halloween
The first of the Halloween parties at the Copper Rooms this week! Prepare for a spine-tingling night of ghoulish revelry on Thursday 31st October, so come on down and unleash your inner monster on the dancefloor! Tickets from £5.
Halloween Ball 2024
Because one Halloween party isn't enough! Get spooky all over again in the Copper Rooms on Saturday 2nd November, complete with ghoulish decor, spectacular scares and much more as we bust out all your favourite seasonal classics! £8 entry.
Diwali Workshop Wednesday at Warwick Arts Centre
On Wednesday 30th October, make your own origami style candle and learn how to monoprint onto it! Join artist, Taiba Akhtar as she demonstrates how to get to grips with Perspex, palette knives, brushes, paint, ink, and rollers to create beautiful floral motifs for your Diwali celebrations.
Celebrate Diwali at Warwick
Join us on Thursday 31st October to celebrate Diwali! Part of the One World Warwick Events Programme, there'll be performances on the Piazza throughout the day, and three amazing workshops in the Copper Rooms! Supported by the Warwick Innovation Fund.
The Food Station's tasty offers
Treat yourself on these brisk, cold days with a Toasted Sandwich or Baked Potato from £4.50, or our filling Burrito Bowls from £5! You can also snatch up a meal deal for just £6! Only at The Food Station.
Every Story Matters
Covid-19 affected everyone in the UK including Warwick students. Every Story Matters is a chance to share your pandemic experience with the UK Covid-19 Inquiry, so they can learn lessons for future generations. Share your story here.
TOUCHDOWN! Warwick Wolves V NTU Renegades & Warwick Devils Halftime Show!
For the first time, the Warwick Wolves and Warwick Devils are teaming up to bring you an unforgettable game at Butts Park Arena on Sunday 3rd November! Facing off against NTU Renegades, the Wolves are ready to kick off the season in style! Tickets £6.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: Survivor Sanctuary
The Survivor Sanctuary is a peer support charity designed by and for people impacted by sexual violence. They offer survivors a safe space for connection, belonging and friendship, with art, crafts and refreshments available. Find them in the Occulus from 7pm-8:30pm every fortnight (next session Thursday 31st October).
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email