25-26t1week3
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 3
W/C 20th October
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
The skies may have turned grey again, but we’ll try to be your little ray of sunshine this week! 🌤️
We’ve got some great things happening on campus – from celebrating our Autumn Elections results, to joining the vibrant Diwali celebrations on Tuesday (
check out the SU event here
), and meeting the incredible Karé Adenegan, Warwick alumna and 7x Paralympic medallist, on Wednesday at the Piazza.
Wishing you all a bright and inspiring week ahead!
Best,
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Autumn Elections: Results
Thank you for Making Your Mark and voting in the Autumn Elections! View the results here and find out who will be representing you over the academic year.
Learn More
Celebrate Diwali with us!
Join us on Tuesday 21st October on the Piazza and enjoy the festive atmosphere! Dance, craft and connect with students from all around the world, and learn more about this beautiful cultural celebration!
Learn More
T-Shirt Design Workshop: Standing Firm in Power and Pride
Next Tuesday from 2-4pm in Copper Rooms 2, you're invited to celebrate Black History Month through our t-shirt design workshop! This creative space will offer you the chance to design unique T-shirts that showcase resilience, heritage, and pride. Find out more here.
Learn More
Step into your career & meet an 7x Paralympic Medallist!
Paralympian and Warwick alumni Karè Adenegan will be visiting the Piazza this Wednesday with NatWest! Brought to you by NatWest Group and in partnership with Team GB and ParalympicsGB. Discover NatWest's Early Talent opportunities here.
Learn More
Try Oatly's NEW Maple Miso Latte at Curiositea!
It's week 2 of Oatly's takeover at Curio! This week you can try the Maple Miso Latte, the perfect Autumn treat! The first 50 drinks are FREE, so run down to Curio and don't miss out!
Learn More
Grab your tickets for the Halloween Ball!
Halloween is just around the corner! Is your costume ready? Secured your Halloween Ball tickets yet? Grab yours now for only £8!
Learn More
Have you downloaded Tandem?
Ever heard of an app built specifically for you? Say hello to Tandem! This student-only app will help you make the most of campus life at Warwick. Download today!
Learn More
Warwick Sustainability: Biodiversity Walk
On Wednesday from 12-1pm, join a relaxing stroll across campus, delve into the fascinating world of fungi and contribute to the Warwick Award!
Learn More
Warwick Sustainability: Autumn Colour Walk
Learn more about our stunning campus on this autumn colour walk this Thursday from 11am-1pm. This also contributes to the Warwick Award.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL