22-23-welcome-week-social-activities
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Social Activities at Warwick SU!
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Welcome to Warwick SU - we can’t wait to meet you all!
With Welcome Week just around the corner, we want to let you know about the fantastic social activities we have in store for you when you arrive and during the year.
We have a great range of events and activities all year round, including an exciting line-up of day-time and night-time events during Welcome Week, to help you get settled in and meet new people.
Don't forget to
join our official Freshers' Facebook group
, and
follow us on Instagram
for updates and competitions!
Welcome Week Events
Tickets for our Welcome Week night-time events are on sale NOW! From the Foam Party to the Welcome Party, live DJs and much more… don’t miss out! We also have plenty of free day-time events to help you meet new people.
Welcome Fair
Who doesn’t love a freebie? Come along to our Welcome Fair on Monday 26th and Tuesday 27th September in the SU’s Atrium building, to see offers from our student-friendly partners. There will be food, freebies, offers and great student opportunities!
Sports Fair
Fancy joining a sports club? Our Sports Fair is happening on Tuesday 27th September for you to discover all the sports clubs at the SU. Take a look at what's on offer, chat with current members and find out how to join.
Societies Fair
With over 250 student-run societies to choose from, joining a society is a great way to make friends that will last a lifetime. Come along to the Societies Fair on 28th and 29th September!
Term 1 Events
The SU offers a great range of events and activities all year round. With club nights covering a multitude of music genres (and guest appearances from world-famous artists and DJs), to meet and greets and comedy nights, there’s always something for you!
Food & Drink Outlets
Visit the SU’s outlets and venues to enjoy our vibrant student community. Whether it’s a coffee-fuelled study session at Curiositea, or a bite to eat at The Dirty Duck or The Bread Oven with friends, the SU’s outlets are a great way to make the most of life on campus.
Welcome Pass
Make the most of Welcome Week '22 with our Welcome Pass! For only £55, it covers most Welcome Week paid-entry events - a saving of nearly 20%! Find out more and buy one here.
Annual Pass
Costing £140, our Annual Pass covers everything the Welcome Pass does, PLUS every POP!, Skool Dayz and more, for the whole year! Save over £140 and grab yours today.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us