24-25t3week3
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 3
W/C 4th May
View Online version
All Member Email
Hi everyone, Welcome to exam szn everyone! FYI - SUHQ is open on weekends so you can work in peace 🌱
In other news, our ✨60th Celebrations✨ kicked off last Friday! It was incredible to hear stories from SU Presidents from the 60s and 70s – available to watch on the SU website soon 🎥
We also launched the 60th Exhibition in the SU Atrium, live from today, featuring gorgeous images taken in 1975 for The Boar that I found while researching for the yearbook, as well as some fun moments from our history.
If you'd like to be a part of the legacy going forward, make sure to nominate yourself in our Summer Elections! 🗳️
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
60 Years of Warwick Exhibition
Join us in the Atrium from Tuesday 6th May to celebrate 60 Years of Warwick SU! Travel back in time through our exhibition, and explore key moments of our history.
Learn More
Nominations are now open for the Summer Elections!
It's time to Make Your Mark in the Summer Elections! We're looking for our next Faculty Reps, Forum Members and the next VP Sports! You have until 12pm on Thursday 22nd May to put yourself forward.
Learn More
Retreat to Create Workshops with David Speed
We're celebrating our 60th anniversary in style with a bold, neon-infused workshops with artist David Speed! Join him on Thursday 8th May. Sign up here!
Learn More
Echo 360 Ideathon Workshops
There's still time for you to collaborate, design ideas, pitch ideas and win prizes at the Echo 30 Ideathon workshops! Sign up for the last remaining events here.
Learn More
The (Free) Breakfast Club
Need some brain food before your Tuesday exams? The (Free) Breakfast Club is here for you! Open in the Green Room from 8:30am-10:30am. Gluten free and vegan options also available!
Learn More
Treat Yourself at The Food Station!
Feeling peckish? The Food Station offers tasty toasted sandwiches from £4.50, along with baked potatoes and burrito bowls from £5, all full to the brim with flavour!
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL