22-23-welcome-week-representation
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Representation at Warwick SU
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Warwick SU is a democratic organisation, here to represent the student voice through Elections, All Student Votes, Student Reps and student-led campaigns.
Your elected Full-Time and Part-Time Student Officers are here to represent your interests and advocate for your student experience, from welfare through to sports and societies.
As members of the SU, you get great academic representation through our Course, Faculty and Department Reps, who work in partnership with the University to ensure that you have a say on your educational experience.
You can also get involved with our student-led campaigns, supported by our Campaigns team. Be sure to check out the Welcome Week day-time events below, organised by the team for you to enjoy when you arrive at Warwick.
Don't forget to
follow us on Instagram
and
join our official Freshers' Facebook group
!
Student Officers
Each year, the student body elects Full-Time and Part-Time Student Officers to lead the Students' Union and help to deliver a wealth of services for you. Meet your 2022-23 Student Officers!
Autumn Elections
Have a say in how Warwick SU is run - nominations for the Autumn Elections are now open! This election is specifically to elect Course, Faculty & Department Reps, as well as Part-Time Officers and SU Committees. Find out more about the roles, or nominate yourself or a friend here.
Campaigns
Our student-led campaigns ensure that the SU represents the student voice. Whether it's on campus, locally, or (inter)nationally, every student has the ability to make a difference on issues that matter. View our campaigns here!
Welcome Week Events
Our Campaigns team have a whole host of day-time events planned for Welcome Week. Come along to our pop-up exercise class with Warwick Sport, show off the things you care about with Badge-Making and check out our meet & greets for various groups of students!
Course Reps
At Warwick, student voice is at the heart of the teaching and learning experience. The SU's Course Reps are here to raise issues to the staff on your course, to create change and make your academic experience the best it can be. Find out who your Course Reps are!
Faculty Reps
The SU's Faculty & Department Reps sit on committees across the University to represent your voice around all areas that affect your academic experience. They ensure the student voice is heard in major decisions at the University. Click here to see your Reps.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us