23-24t2week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 4 (w/c 29th January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi all,
I hope you all had a great weekend and are ready for Week 4!
Unfortunately, we're starting with a bit of an important notice this week - we've been made aware of a number of
scam calls to students
from people claiming to be University staff. University staff will not call asking for an urgent payment or for your bank details - if somebody does call you and ask for this then please report through the link below. Stay safe ??
We have a couple of exciting deadlines and dates (a slight oxymoron, I know) coming up. Firstly, our
All Student Vote
opens at 9am tomorrow, so if you'd like to weigh in on issues such as food provisions on campus, protection for student workers, or the POP! playlist ?? then head to our website and cast your vote before Friday at 12pm.
There's only 8 days left until nominations for our
Spring Officer Elections
close. Put yourself forward ASAP if you'd like to be one of Warwick's next Full or Part-Time Officers, or NUS Delegates!
We've also got a fairly busy campaigns week - in acknowledgement of Holocaust Memorial Day, we have worked alongside the Centre for European History, the Chaplaincy, and the Jewish Society to co-host a
talk this Wednesday
from Professor Zoe Waxman, Professor of Holocaust Studies at Oxford University - the talk will be held in the Oculus from 2-4pm, and anyone is welcome to attend.
Our
(Free) Breakfast Club
has also had astronomical take-up - it's been fantastic to see so many of you in the Green Room, especially so bright and early, but we do want to flag that while we will continue to try and serve as many people as possible, we do sometimes run out of stock (we're very sorry!) We'd recommend coming along well in advance of the 10 o'clock close if you can, and thank you for your patience with us as we try to meet the demand!
If you'd like
financial assistance in purchasing disability-related items
to help your university and every-day life then our Disability Item Fund is now.... OPEN! See the link to the applications page below.
If you'd like to read more about what we were up to at the SU over Term 1, then check out our
Term 1 Impact Report
to see how we worked with our fellow students to deliver Representation, Social Activities and Support.
Have a great week all!
Anna Taylor SU President
All Student Vote Opens 9am Tomorrow
Voting for ASV opens at 9am tomorrow! Tap here to reveal the motions for Term 2, and make a difference to your Students' Union. Voting closes on Friday 2nd February at 12pm.
Holocaust Memorial Day - Women's Bodies as a Site of Genocide
Join us in the Oculus Building for a Holocaust Memorial Day talk with Professor Zoe Waxman, Professor of Holocaust Studies, Oxford University. Co-hosted with the Centre for European History, the Chaplaincy and the Jewish Student Society. Wednesday 31st January, 2-4pm. Find out more here.
8 Days Until Nominations Close!
You've got just over a week to nominate yourself or your peers in the Spring Officer Elections! Not sure where to start? Visit our 'Nominate!' highlight on our Instagram page and follow the steps.
Disability Item Fund
Applications for the Disability Items Funds are now open! This fund will provide financial assistance for students to purchase disability items that would help with university and everyday life. Tap here to learn more and fill out the form.
Term 1 Impact Report
Term 1 always has loads going on at the SU, but this year felt like something really special. Check out all the amazing ways we worked with our student members to deliver Representation, Social Activities and Support in our Term 1 Impact Report.
The (Free) Breakfast Club - Once it's gone, it's GONE!
We’ve been overjoyed with the amazing response to The (Free) Breakfast Club event on Tuesdays and Thursdays! As we only have a certain allocation of food for each event, please don’t be cross with us if we have run out by the time you visit ♥?.
Fresh & Juicy
Don't forget to grab the freshest produce for the best prices at Fresh & Juicy, our fruit and veg stall every Thursday in the Atrium! Open 9am-5pm.
Scam Alert!
We have been made aware of several students receiving phone calls from people claiming to be University staff, asking them to make an urgent payment or provide bank details. This is a fraud. Report this immediately to the University here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email