22-23t3week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 5 w/c 22nd May All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
While I’m aware that grabbing your attention will be difficult during the height of exam season, I am reverting to old tactics and highlighting the Curiositea study session on Wednesday with one free hot drink in the hope you read the rest of the email!
The ASV results are out, Summer Elections have started and if you vote you could be in the chance of winning a £200 Amazon gift card, and our Term 2 impact report has been published so you can see just some of things we have been doing last term.
Gift cards aside, please do vote in the Summer Elections, forums will have even greater influence and impact next year so make sure to vote for those that will be representing you!
That’s all for this week, wishing you all a productive and/or fun week as exams come to an end for some.
Will Brewer
SU President
Vote now and win a £200 Amazon gift card!
Voting is now open for the Summer Officer Elections! Make your mark on your SU, and you could be in with a chance of winning a £200 Amazon gift card! Voting closes Friday 26th May at 12pm Noon.
All Student Vote: Results
The results of our final All Student Vote of the academic year are now available. Thank you to everyone who voted, and made their mark for the future of their Students' Union.
Term Two Impact Report
From Varsity and Officer Elections, to SHaG Fest and Liberation Conference, we've had a fantastic Term Two! Thank you to everyone who got involved with the SU in any shape or form, you've all played a part in making Warwick a better place! Read the full report here.
Voting closes soon for the Student Voice & Impact Awards!
You have until Friday 26th May at 12pm Noon to cast your vote for the Student Voice & Impact Awards! Make sure to nominate your friends, inspirational students who've really pushed for change, or campaigners that have made impactful changes on campus.
Extended Study Sessions at Curiositea
We're hosting our extended study session on Wednesday 24th May in Curiositea. Join us from 6-8pm for a study sesh, minus the stress! You can grab one free hot drink while you're there too.
The Reason for Painting: Mindfulness Sessions
Join Warwick Arts Centre on Wednesday 24th May at 12pm for a free 45 minute mindfulness session. Led by University of Warwick's Dr. Dean Howes, the session explores mindfulness techniques linked to the themes and artworks in their Summer exhibition, The Reason For Painting.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email