23-24t2week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 5 (w/c 5th February) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning all!
Calling all (prospective) student leaders - it's your
last chance to nominate yourself
for the Spring Elections! Noms close at 12pm TOMORROW, so get your manifestos and cheesy headshots ready and submitted to be in with a chance of being our next elected leadership.
Starting the week with some good news for all of you active folk out there - our VP for Sports, Emma, has been working extremely hard alongside Director of Sport & Active Lifestyle, Mark Hyndman, at Warwick Sport to try and make joining Students' Union sports clubs more affordable for students. We're pleased to announce that the cost of Sports Fed and the Club Pass will be
reduced by 25% with immediate effect
. What better time to get involved with Sport at Warwick?
If you've been feeling the impact of the rising cost of living and haven't come and said hello already, then feel free to come and grab a (Free) Breakfast from the Green Room on Tuesday and Thursday mornings between 8-10am. If you've been already been and enjoyed it, we're currently
looking for volunteers
to help us deliver the service to more students in the long term - click below to find out more and get involved!
In other news, if you're looking for things to keep busy with over the next couple of weeks then we're the place to be. With Postgrad Pub Quiz tonight,
GLOW
back in the Terrace Bar on Tuesday, and the
Super Bowl
being streamed live to the Dirty Duck on Saturday, there's certainly a lot to do!
If those aren't enough, Global Connections at the University are running a
Lunar New Year
event this Friday, and just around the corner we have the return of a fan favourite... our Sexual Health and Guidance Festival (affectionately nicknamed SHaG Fest) is back next Wednesday in the Atrium - so if you're bored on Valentine's, you know where to come along to!
Have a great week everyone
??
Anna Taylor
SU President
Spring Officer Elections: Nominations close at 12pm Tomorrow!
This is your last chance to nominate yourself in the Spring Officer Elections! We have roles for Full-Time and Part-Time Officers, as well as NUS Conference Delegates. Don't miss out and Make Your Mark!
Volunteers Wanted for The (Free) Breakfast Club
Do you want to directly combat the cost-of-living crisis and food insecurity on campus, boost your employability skills and grab a free breakfast? You can volunteer with us! If you'd like to get involved in our (Free) Breakfast Club, please fill out our form here.
Fee Reductions for Sports Club Pass and Sports Federation Fee
Emma (VP Sports) has been working with Warwick Sport to try and make joining Students’ Union sports clubs more affordable for students. We are delighted to announce that the cost of the Sports Club Pass and the Sports Federation Fee are all being reduced by 25% with immediate effect!
Disability Item Fund: Applications close on 9th Feb
Applications for the Disability Items Fund close this Friday! This fund will provide financial assistance for students to purchase disability items that would help with university and everyday life. Tap here to learn more and fill out the form.
Superbowl LVIII
We'll be showing live footage of the 2024 Super Bowl in the Dirty Duck this Saturday. The Duck will be open throughout the evening with great drink and food deals on offer. Join us for full coverage throughout the night from 9pm, including this year's half-time show!
GLOW
Glow is back in the Terrace Bar on Tuesday! Get ready for a wonderful night for our LGBTQUIA+ students. 5pm-12am. Free entry.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
Postgrads! You know what time it is.. it's quiz time! Grab your mates, brainstorm the best pub quiz name you can think of, and head to The Graduate from 7pm. Free entry.
Try our baked potatoes at The Food Station!
You might've tried our baguettes, burrito bowls and vegan snacks at The Food Station, but what about our jacket potatoes? They're the perfect warm pick-me-up for the chillier days on campus!
Coming soon: SHaGFest
On Wednesday 14th February, the Sexual Health and Guidance Festival (ShaGFest) is coming back to the Atrium! There'll be stalls, freebies, demonstrations, and competitions! Keep an eye out on our socials for more info.
Global Connections: Lunar New Year Celebrations
Many people around the world celebrate the start of the New Year in Spring. Join Global Connections this Friday for a Lunar New Year festival, in an afternoon of snacks, craft and performance incorporating several regional traditions.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email