22-23t2week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week w/c 6th February All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi all,
Apparently “It’s my Birthday” isn’t a valid excuse to get the day off, so once again a packed email for you with everything from: our ASV results, Term 1 Impact Report, Women in Sport Conference on Saturday, and don’t forget it’s RAG Week!
Some of you have been in contact with me directly regarding the current bus situation, and I will try to get back to you all as quickly as possible, but thought it worth providing an update here.
The problem has been amplified by recent road works, but we are collating all the evidence provided to us in the
Bus Feedback Survey
(which has been edited to address any character restraints).
We are arranging to work with MP Matt Western, and we have a meeting planned with the University & Stagecoach in the near future.
I will provide updates on the campaigns page with any progress.
Finally, nominations to be an officer close midday tomorrow, don’t let this be the opportunity you always regret never taking!
Sorry for the long email, as always hope you all have an amazing week and maybe get involved in some fundraising.
Will Brewer SU President
Last Chance to Nominate Yourself!
It’s your last chance to nominate yourself in our annual Spring Officer Elections! This could be a great opportunity for you to make change at Warwick, supporting and improving the student community, as well as gaining skills and experience in a job at a senior level like no other.
Term 1 Impact Report
Term One was one of the busiest and most successful times anyone at the SU can remember. Take a look through some of the amazing things we have achieved together in this Term 1 Impact Report.
GLOW at the Terrace Bar
The Terrace Bar proudly hosts a night for all Warwick LGBTUA+ students and their friends. Expect a night of rainbow cocktails and mocktails, colourful decor and your own choice of music! Tuesday 7th of February from 5pm. Free entry.
All Student Vote Results
The All Student Vote results are in! Thank you to everyone that voted to make your voice heard. There were some hugely impactful motions, and we will keep you updated on progress with implementation. Check out the results here.
Women in Sport Conference
Join us Saturday 11th of February 10am-4pm in the Zeeman Building, and listen to some inspiring athletes speak around their experiences of being women in the sports field, any barriers they may have faced, and achievements they have accomplished.
Super Bowl 2023
Join us in the SU Atrium on Sunday 12th of February for full coverage of Super Bowl 2023 from 9pm, including this year's half-time show! The Terrace Bar will be open throughout the evening with great drinks deals on offer. Free entry.
RAG Week
Warwick RAG (Raising and Giving) have a week of fun activities and events planned to raise money for various charities, including SENSE, Refugease, the Malala Fund, and Dragonfly Cancer Trust. Head to their Instagram for all the details!
Gender Expression Fund
Transgender, non-binary, and gender-non-conforming students can now apply for up to £50 of funding for gender affirming items. Applications are open now until Sunday 19th February.
Weekly Women & Non-Binary Self Defence Classes - BOOKING ESSENTIAL
These weekly Monday classes will equip you with the skills needed for self-defence and boosting confidence, drawing on a range of martial arts and combat sports. 30 FREE SPACES ONLY – Booking in advance is essential! Please do not turn up on the day.
Parents, Carers, Part Time and Mature Students Meet & Greet
Join your Part Time and Mature Students Officer (Keith Roper-Hitches) and fellow parents, carers, mature, and part time students for a coffee (or tea) and a catch up in the Kevin Gately room on Tuesday 7th of February, 11am-1pm.
The Vintage Clearance Clothing Fair
The Vintage Clearance are visiting the SU Atrium on Wednesday 8th of February from 10am-4pm for a vintage clothing fair! They aim to provide affordable vintage clothes to everyone, and they hand pick all of their vintage items to sell at an unbeatable price.
24 Hour Racket Charity Event for Acorns Children's Hospice Trust
Come along to the Sports Hub on Friday 9th of February from 11am and support Badminton, Squash and Table Tennis as they take on a 24 hour challenge for charity. There will be tournaments and opportunities to play each sport for free!
We believe if you’re going to tuck into a big treat, you need to save big too. Grab £8 smalls, £10 mediums, and £12 larges at
dominos.co.uk.
Now that’s an offer you don’t want to miss!
https://dominos.co.uk
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email