22-23t2week9
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week w/c 6th March All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
The results are in, and you have all had your say on your future representatives. Thank you to everyone who voted, it was great to see almost 5,000 voters and 27,266 votes cast! Anna, your current VP of Societies, will be taking over as President in August. Take a look below to see who else you have elected to represent your Students' Union.
Things are starting to get back to normal this week; Green Week begins from today, and we're also hosting a bunch of events for International Women's Week, with International Women's Day commencing on Wednesday. Follow the links to see everything that's going on!
Finally, you may remember taking part in the Student Feedback Survey last term. This is vital feedback that is already being used across the SU and University. You can view the results below.
That’s it for this week! After all the pestering to vote last week, I hope you all have a good one despite entering essay deadline season!
Will Brewer SU
President
Spring Officer Elections: The Results
Your next Student Officers have been elected! Click here to find out who will lead the next chapter of the student experience at Warwick.
International Women's Day
It's International Women's Day this Wednesday, with this year's theme focusing on #EmbraceEquity. We've got some fantastic events in store for you this week, including an exclusive Q&A with Zarah Sultana!
Green Week
It's also Green Week this week! Combining with International Women's Week, we'll be in Curiositea tonight at 6pm to teach you how to create your own sustainable menstrual pad. You can grab a free hot drink too!
SCAM ALERT!
Several Warwick students have recently been conned into making payments over the phone to people pretending to be from HMRC or Immigration/Visa Control. If you receive a call like this, DO NOT make any payments; contact the SU Advice Centre for help.
Zero Waste Shop
Seeing at it's Green Week, why not try using our Zero Waste Shop in the Welcome Hub? We offer a range of healthy snacks, core cereals and rice, soap, conditioner and washing detergent. Grab your containers and pop on down!
Student Feedback Survey Results
Thank you to everyone who took part in the Student Feedback Survey in Term One. The response rate was fantastic, and we now have some really useful information about what you like, and where there is room for improvement at the SU and University.
Kick start your job search today!
Targetjobs are the UK’s largest graduate careers platform, with over 1.5 million students registered to enter the world of work. We’ve been busy making targetjobs and the opportunities we offer you even better.
Register with targetjobs.co.uk to unlock the following:
Develop the skills required by employers through
bite-sized e-learning videos
.
Receive direct messages on targetjobs about roles you may not have considered but employers would love you to apply for.
Access your personalised feed of opportunities. Your feed has been upgraded to ensure you always and only see jobs, advice and relevant content on your feed.
Apply
for internships, placements and graduate schemes.
Sign up to
exclusive events
to further your career search (these are unique to us; you won’t find them elsewhere).
Sign-up today to start
your
job hunt.
https://targetjobs.co.uk
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email