23-24t1week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 10 (w/c 27th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone, and welcome to your last weekly SU newsletter before the end of term!
The weather outside may be frightful, but what's truly delightful is what you can get involved in this week at Warwick SU! If you need a break from thinking about those pesky deadlines, or organising travel over the holidays, then look below to see what we've got going on.
Calling all postgrads: this week is your chance to
vote for your PG reps
in our Postgraduate Assembly Elections! Voting closes on Friday, so make sure you have a look and vote for your favourite candidates!
It's also your
last chance
to tell us what you think about the buses, by filling in our Better Buses survey. The survey will be closing at the end of December, but we would very much like to hear about your experience of the services so we can challenge the standard and price that students are receiving. The survey takes about 10 minutes, and all feedback is greatly appreciated!
We might not have the glow of the sunshine anymore, but no matter! Our flagship LGBTQUIA+ event,
GLOW
, is returning to Terrace Bar for the final time this term on Tuesday from 5pm - 1am.
Following on our housing theme over the last couple of weeks, if you're looking for housing buddies to live with in the coming year then check out our
Housemates Wanted Forum
below!
If you can't get enough of the SU in term time then fear not: you can look below to see our
opening times over the holidays
, with the SU closed completely from 22
nd
December to 3
rd
January. Come and say hello before then if you need us for anything!
And as a last tidbit to keep you excited for the coming term... We'll be joined in the New Year by
Fresh & Juicy
, our new fruit and veg stall every Thursday from 9-5pm in the Atrium!
We certainly will need the energy from some good quality produce; we'll be gearing up for our Spring Officer Elections in February, where you, the Student Body, will be electing your new Full and Part-Time Officers for the next academic year!
For those of you who are eagerly anticipating our POP! and club nights,
tickets are dropping at 12pm on Weds 3
rd
January
(yes we've strategically positioned healthy produce on campus the morning after, please take care of yourselves!)
With that, we wish you a very happy holidays, and look forward to seeing you all in the New Year!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Last Glow of the term!
It's the last Glow of the term and for 2023! Join us at the Terrace bar from 5pm-1am for a vibrant and colourful night for our LGBTQUIA+ students. Free entry.
Introducing... Fresh & Juicy!
The long-awaited return of the Fresh Fruit and Veg stall 'Fresh and Juicy' is finally here! Bringing a burst of flavour and nutrition back to the heart of Warwick Campus, every Thursday from 9am-5pm in the Atrium after the New Year!
Better Buses
We're not happy with the buses, you don't have to be either! The Better Bus survey is open to anybody who uses the buses to come to campus, staff or student. We want to hear from everybody about what 'better' looks like! Fill out the survey here.
Opening Times during Christmas
We hope you have a wonderful Christmas break! Tap here to look at our opening times over Christmas. The SU will be closed from Friday 22nd December to Wednesday 3rd January. We'll see you in the New Year!
Housemates Wanted Forum
Looking for a room, or looking for a tenant? Use our helpful Housemates Wanted page, where you can publicise space in your houses for either this year or next year. Find out more here.
Term 2 Events Tickets and Pop Pass
Save the date in your calendar! Term 2 tickets go on sale on Wednesday 3rd January from 12pm Noon! You can also get your hands on a Pop Pass. Find your Warwick SU event tickets here.
Postgraduate Assembly Elections
This week is our Postgraduate Assembly Elections. You can vote for your PG forum, as well as two PGT representative and two PGR roles. If you are not a postgraduate then you will not be eligible to vote.
Coming Soon: Spring Officer Elections
Term 2 is around the corner, and you know what that means... Spring Officer Elections! Keep an eye on our website and social channels for the important dates
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email