25-26t1week6
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 6
W/C 10th November
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
Couple of quick things this week:
If you haven’t done the Warwick Student Survey yet, take a few minutes and get it done. It’s one of those small things that actually ends up making a difference.
Our American Football team Warwick Wolves have a big game coming up against Nottingham Trent on 22nd November, and our cheerleading squad Warwick Devils will be performing at halftime, so always worth watching. Tickets are up if you fancy going!
Also, have a look at Celebrating Academic Integrity: there are a few events and even a comp you can jump into if that’s your thing.
See you around,
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Warwick Student Survey
Your voice makes waves! Offer your feedback this term in the Warwick Student Survey so that we can work together to keep improving your experiences. Plus, you could win shopping vouchers!
Learn More
Disability Item Fund
The Disability Item Fund is now open! This fund is designed to support disabled students by covering the cost of small or necessary essential items or services (up to £50 per person) that improve access, wellbeing, or participation in student life.
Learn More
TOUCHDOWN!
On Saturday 22nd November, witness the epic showdown between Warwick Wolves and Nottingham Trent Renegades at Butts Park Arena, Coventry! Our cheerleading squad Warwick Devils will also be giving a fabulous halftime performance! Grab your tickets here.
Learn More
Coming Soon: Housing Day
Making the right accommodation choice can be the difference between a good year and a disastrous one! Housing Day is your opportunity to understand how to rent properties as a student and make good accommodation choices. Find out more here.
Learn More
Secure your spot at the Global Illuminations Procession
Book your place to walk with us in our dazzling Global Illuminations Procession on Wednesday 19th November, as part of our 60th anniversary celebrations. We'll celebrate our global community, carry lanterns, and fill the campus with colour, music and creativity. Let us know you're coming!
Learn More
Enter the 'Mind Meets Machine' competition!
How can humans use AI responsibly, and with integrity, curiosity, and critical insight? Creatively represent what this means to you, and you could win up to £100 in shopping vouchers!
Learn More
Biodiversity Walk: Birds
Join Warwick Sustainability on Wednesday 12th November from 12pm-1pm to learn more about these fascinating animals, the power of citizen science, and contribute to the Warwick Award.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL