24-25t3week2
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 2 (w/c 28th April) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello, you...
For those of you with deadlines, I really hope you haven't been binging Season 5 of 'You' unlike the rest of us. 🫵
Speaking of, I hope you're faring well with the exams and diss deadlines, especially those of you that have to lug your backpacks and totes onto campus for your in-person exams. We can help with one of those problems: from this day forth (until week 7), the Welcome Hub / reception in SUHQ will be
offering free bag storage for exams between 9.00am- 5.00pm
! 🎒
Take a much-needed break from stress by joining us at one of our
Liberation Conference
events starting today
! Our decolonisation advocates and student voice team have put together an impressive array of events for you to rail against the tyrants, including a Queer Beauty workshop and a collaboration with Warwick Action for Palestine! 🇵🇸
Club members, it's time to get those desktops ready for an adrenaline-filled Eras-Tour-esque gold rush for the
Sports Ball ticket release on Tuesday at 12pm
! Good thing we don't use Ticketmaster... 🏆
Want to learn more about struggles half the population have to undergo every month? Spend
An Evening with Lunaire Q&A
on Wednesday and ask her anything about periods, especially often-underdiagnosed conditions like endometriosis that
over a thousand of us likely have.
.. 🩸
On a lighter note, we're 10% done with this term and the sun is guaranteed to shine this week (perhaps a bit too much, if we're due for a heatwave), so put your sunnies on and get back to work! 🕶️💻
Your SU President, Enaya Nihal
Oatly x Curiositea Soft Serve!
Oatly’s creamy, dreamy, completely vegan soft-serve ice cream has landed exclusively in Curiositea, before it hits the summer festivals scene nationwide. Serving until Friday 9th May!
Liberation Conference 2025
LibCon is back! Join us from Monday-Wednesday for a collaborative set of various workshops, panels and discussions, led by the Decolonise Collective. Check out the agenda here.
Sports Ball Ticket Drop
Sports Ball is the biggest social event of the calendar year! Text the group chat and set a reminder, tickets will be dropping at 12pm tomorrow!
Sportswear For All Fund closes this Wednesday!
The Sportswear For All Fund closes this Wednesday! You could claim up to £50 for yourself or up to £200 for a sports club on essential items that would benefit your welfare playing your favourite sports. Apply here!
Thrift Thursday
Thrift Thursday is back for Term 3! Explore our vintage stalls, indulge in sustainable snacks and play some brainteasers with us! This isn’t just about saving the planet, it's about saving money, finding unique treasures, and making better choices.
An Evening With Lunaire
This Wednesday, we're hosting a Q&A with Alexandra Morris! She is the Founder of Lunaire, a health coaching service and movement devoted to supporting women navigating gynaecological conditions like Endometriosis and PCOS. Sign up for free here!
Retreat to Create
We're celebrating our 60th anniversary in style with a bold, neon-infused legacy project created in partnership with artist David Speed! He's hosting a keynote event and various workshops, which you can sign up for here.
Skool Dayz
Wannabe part of the best school disco of your life? Dance the night away to 00s and 10s pop bangers, hip hop hits, electronic dance classics and more. Grab your tickets here for just £6.50!
Warwick Sustainability: Donation Drive Volunteers Wanted
Join our amazing team of staff, students, and community members to help collect and sort donated items like food, small electricals, kitchenware, books, and bedding. Sign up here!
Warwick Sustainability: Let's Ace Food Waste
In an effort to promote sustainability and reduce food waste, a new food waste recycling initiative has launched across on-campus Residences. The Let's Ace Food Waste campaign aims to encourage students to properly separate and dispose of their food waste in designated bins. Find out more here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email