25-26virtualgoodiebag
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU Virtual Goodie Bag
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns
Events
Welcome Week is less than 1 week away, and we're so excited to see you on campus!
We'll be kicking things off with our
Welcome Fair
, which is split across 2 days and 2 locations:
Monday 29th September in the SU's Atrium Building
Tuesday 30th September in the Sports & Wellness Hub
The event will run 11am – 4pm on both days, so come along and bag yourself some great deals with our student-friendly partners. You can enter plenty of exciting competitions, grab some student vouchers and pick up some sweet freebies!
Also, the Students' Union team will be outside SUHQ (opposite Warwick Arts Centre) throughout the week to welcome you to campus. We'll have SU merch for everybody, and some fun games to keep you entertained!
Don't forget to
follow us on Instagram
and join our
Freshers' Broadcast channel
to keep up to date.
Check out these fantastic offers from some of our partners below!
Superdrug
Welcome to the perfect student deal! Stay connected with Superdrug's amazing Student Discount: 90GB for just £9 a month, for 9 whole months. Get all the data you need to stream, study, and stay social without breaking the bank. Plus, enjoy exclusive money-saving perks designed to stretch your budget even further.
Use code STUD25 at check out.
Kasbah Nightclub
Kasbah Nightclub welcomes all Warwick Freshers & Returners!
The new uni year is here and we’re kicking things off the only way we know how: unforgettable nights, massive tunes, unbeatable drink deals and memories that will last all year long. Coventry’s most loved student nightclub is ready for you!
Domino's
Need motivation to keep studying? We've got you covered! Grab a small pizza, side and a 500ml drink for just £15.99 with the Dough Saver Deal! Order now at dominos.co.uk
Stagecoach
Make FOMO a thing of the past. With a Stagecoach UniRider pass you can have it all…for less! Travel as much as you like, as often as you like, whenever you like from as little as £1.62 a day*. Buy on the Stagecoach App now!
SEO London
We are proud to bring you the opportunity to register with SEO London to access free training, mentoring, and exclusive internships with 140+ world-class employers across consulting, finance, banking, technology, corporate law, real estate, insurance and alternative investments.
Choose a Challenge
Warwick students! We have two amazing challenges coming your way this year! Either join us trekking through the Andes mountains and into the rainforest to culminate in reaching Machu Picchu, or take on 26.2 miles running the streets of one of Europe's most iconic cities in the Budapest Marathon.
Whatever Moves You
Start your fitness and wellbeing journey today at the Sports and Wellness Hub. Discover student sport memberships, Rock Up & Play programme, Active Leagues and sports clubs. Download our UoW Sport app today to manage your active lifestyle and start enjoying huge discounts across global brands.
24/7 Virtual Library
Warwickshire Libraries are thrilled to welcome you to the area! As a student, you can access a world of entertainment and news – absolutely free of charge. Stay connected with your home country or explore global perspectives with our collection of international newspapers and magazines available to download instantly.
Hickory's Smokehouse
Welcome to Warwick! Hickory's Smokehouse is open & smokin' 8 days a week – the go-to spot for sharers, socials, and Southern flavours. Join us for great food, good vibes, and friendly faces. Meet us at the Welcome Fair, Day 1 (29th Sept, Atrium), or
come pay us a visit.
Food & Drink at Warwick SU
Want to grab a bite to eat whilst browsing the Welcome Fair? Visit our fantastic SU outlets! Curiositea, our tea and coffee shop, is situated in the Atrium on the ground floor; The Food Station is on the first floor; and The Dirty Duck is accessible from the Atrium elevator.
® © Warwick SU, Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email