23-24t3week2
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 2 (w/c 29th April) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi y'all,
We're back with your democratic reminders of the week. nRemember to nominate yourself if you're interested in positions in our upcoming
Summer Elections
, whether that be for a position on one of our Forums, as a Faculty Rep, or as our next full-time VP for Postgraduates!
Also don't forget to vote in the
West Midlands Mayoral Elections
; voting is THIS THURSDAY so make sure you're prepped and ready to go.
It's
Culture Week
! See below the events that Nia and Vash have been working hard on to bring you to celebrate different cultures, including our
FREE A2Z club
night this Friday, featuring music from a whole range of genres.
If you're interested in hearing what the SU has been up to over Term 2, check out our
Impact Report.
Towards the end of the week, we have the
Sportswear For All Fund
closing on Friday, followed by
Skool Dayz
on Saturday, so make sure you get your applications in and sort your tickets ASAP!
Some final housekeeping: Monday 6
th
May is a bank holiday and the SU will be closed, so if you need us please come and grab us before the end of the week.
It's ok though, we've left you something to get busy with if you'd like a break from revision, with our
Union Awards nominations
now open! If you know someone who has made an amazing contribution to Student Voice and Impact, Societies or Sports Clubs, then nominate them now!
Otherwise, good luck with Week 2, whatever it is bringing your way - you've got this! ??
Anna Taylor
President
Summer Elections: Nominations Open
Nominations are now open for the Summer Elections! You could be part of the next team of Course Reps, Faculty Reps or Forum Members. If you're a PG student, you could be the next VP Postgraduates!
Nominate in the Union Awards!
Nominations for Student Voice & Impact, Societies and Sports Awards are now open! We have a wide range of categories to reflect the variety of ways YOU have empowered the student voice at Warwick. Who do you think deserves recognition this year for all their amazing work? Nominate them here.
Culture Week
Culture Week runs from Monday 29th April to Friday 3rd May with an exciting programme of events to celebrate the diverse & rich culture of our students at the University of Warwick. Find out how you can get involved here.
A2Z
Join us for a FREE-entry cultural celebration evening with The Copper Rooms and Terrace Bar, playing music from various cultures such as Afrobeats, Dancehall, Fushion and Reggaeton to name a few, an awesome photobooth to capture memories with your friends, and much more!
Term 2 Impact Report
We had a pretty busy Term 2! From Varsity and Officer Elections to SHaG Fest and the (Free) Breakfast Club, the SU provided representation, social activities and support for all our amazing members. Check out our full Term 2 Impact Report here.
Mayoral Elections on 2nd May
Don't forget the Mayoral Elections are taking place on Thursday 2nd May! If you're still unsure of what to do, click here for more information.
Sportswear For All Fund closes this Friday
Just a reminder that the Sportswear For All fund will close this Friday! If you need financial assistance to purchase any sportswear or equipment that would benefit your welfare, sign up here.
Skool Dayz on Saturday
Skool Dayz is back in the Copper Rooms this Saturday! Dance the night away to a meld of timeless classics from the 90s, 00s & 10s! £6 entry. Circling starts from 7pm. You must buy a "Circling & Event" ticket to attend circling. Grab your tickets here!
Early May Bank Holiday Next Monday
Monday 6th May is Early May Bank Holiday! The SU will be closed during this time, please keep this in mind if you're planning to access SU services at this time.
Become a Green Champion with Warwick Sustainability
Do you want to learn about sustainability and find out more about what’s being done to improve the University’s environmental performance? You could be a Green Champion! You'll receive monthly newsletters which includes sustainability news, initiatives, and events that you can get involved with.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email