24-25t3week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 8
W/C 9th June
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
'Ello dudes and dudettes,
Hope you've had a weekend full of partying (or studying for the poor souls who still have exams on)! It's finally week 8, which means that Sports Ball is on Friday!! If you were lucky enough to cop a ticket, I'll see you there ;) 🏀🎾🪩
Tuesday will see our very first Liberation Assembly take place in the Kevin Gately room, come along at 4:30pm 🗽
And finally, keep your Eyes Open for Union Awards next week - the shortlist is out now on our website for the most coveted awards of the year. The girls are fighting, aren't they... 🏆
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal 🩷
Sports Ball Wristband Collection
Sports Ball is this Friday! Wristbands for your ticket will be available to collect between 11am–5pm on Friday 13th June in The Atrium. Remind yourself of travel arrangements here!
Learn More
Union Awards: Shortlist Revealed
The Union Awards shortlist is here! Find out who's been nominated for Student Voice and Impact, Societies and Sports Awards here.
Learn More
Liberation Assembly
Our first Liberation Assembly will be taking place tomorrow at 4:30pm in Kevin Gately! This will be a chance to come together and chat about what Liberation will look like at Warwick. Free food will also be available!
Learn More
Warwick Sustainability: Bat Walk
Join Warwickshire Bat Group this Thursday from 8pm, on a fascinating introduction to these amazing flying mammals during a night-time walk, to explore which bat species can be found on campus. This activity contributes to the Warwick Award. Sign up here!
Learn More
Could you be the next Big Mo on campus?
The Movember UK Student Ambassador Programme is an awesome opportunity for confident, energetic and enthusiastic students who want to challenge themselves whilst raising funds and awareness for the largest global men's health organisation. Could this be you? Sign up here!
Learn More
You could be our next Digital Support Assistant!
We’re looking to recruit an enthusiastic and reliable Digital Support Assistant to join the Communications and Marketing team! With no two days the same, you’ll support in delivering digital communications to the students of Warwick. Deadline is 18th June! Apply here.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL