22-23t2week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week w/c 27th February All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
Whilst you won’t be getting rid of me until August, now is your chance to vote for the next leadership of the SU. Please follow the link below, explore our candidates’ manifestos and have your say!
Voting will close at 19:00 this Friday, so make sure to cast your votes for all the candidates before then.
Tomorrow (Tuesday) will also see Warwick Drag Race in the Copper Rooms, with all profits from the event going to charity. I’m sure this is an event you will not want to miss - see below for details.
Finally, if I’ve not said it enough already, go get voting NOW!
Kind regards,
Will Brewer SU President
Voting is now OPEN!
The Spring Officer Elections vote is finally open! Make your mark on your Students' Union, and you could be in with a chance to win one of 5 x £50 Amazon vouchers! Anybody who votes in the Spring Elections automatically gets entered into our prize draw.
Warwick Drag Race: Charity Fundraiser for the Terrence Higgins Trust
Warwick Plan and Warwick RAG have teamed up to give you a fabulous night of mayhem and madness, all as a charity fundraiser for the Terrence Higgins Trust. Tuesday 28th February from 7:30pm in The Copper Rooms. Tickets start from £6.65.
Women's & Non-Binary Self-Defence Classes - BOOKING ESSENTIAL!
These Monday classes will equip you with the skills needed for self-defence and boosting confidence, drawing on a range of martial arts and combat sports. 30 FREE SPACES ONLY – Booking in advance is essential! Please do not turn up on the day.
Skool Dayz
Grab your school uniform, wrap your tie around your head and pull your socks up as we relive the best (and worst!) tunes from your misspent youth at Skool Dayz, the bestest school disco ever! Saturday 4th of March in The Copper Rooms. £6 Entry.
Global Connections Community
Meet, chat and connect with others through shared interests. Join students from a range of backgrounds in this online social space in Microsoft Teams. Whoever you are, wherever you're from, this space is for you!
SU Advice Centre
The Advice Centre is open Monday to Friday, 9am - 3pm, and is operating by appointment only. Find out how we can support you or get in touch by using the enquiry form.
Juicy at The Terrace Bar
Join us every Friday night in the TB for the biggest urban and international beats. We're talking R&B, Tamil, Bashment, Afrobeats, Bollywood, Reggaeton, UK Urban - you name it! Free entry.
Party Bus to Birmingham
Join our regular Friday party in Birmingham by joining our famous bus parties and join thousands of people in the Midlands biggest and craziest night out. We will take you to the biggest club in Birmingham Broad Street, for a massive party you will never forget!
Kick start your job search today!
Targetjobs are the UK’s largest graduate careers platform, with over 1.5 million students registered to enter the world of work. We’ve been busy making targetjobs and the opportunities we offer you even better.
Register with targetjobs.co.uk to unlock the following:
Develop the skills required by employers through
bite-sized e-learning videos
.
Receive direct messages on targetjobs about roles you may not have considered but employers would love you to apply for.
Access your personalised feed of opportunities. Your feed has been upgraded to ensure you always and only see jobs, advice and relevant content on your feed.
Apply
for internships, placements and graduate schemes.
Sign up to
exclusive events
to further your career search (these are unique to us; you won’t find them elsewhere).
Sign-up today to start
your
job hunt.
https://targetjobs.co.uk
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email