24-25t2week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 6th January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Welcome back to Warwick SU!
Merry New Year! Hope you've found some peace over the much-needed winter break and you're ready for another term of procrastination. This is when the real deadlines kick in, unless you're a Social Sciences student... In your case, I'll wait till Term 3 starts to wish you good luck on your all-nighters in the library.
Good news! (Unrelated to Wicked) We're giving away free money! The SU's funding opportunities are now open. If you'd like to
Fund Your Idea
,
use the
Gender Expression Fund
, or get some
Sportswear (for All)
, you can apply on our
website
today.
If you're an
International student, listen up
!! The Russell Group Students' Union (super exclusive club we're part of) is running a survey aimed to improve your experience- make sure to fill the form out
here
.
Want your
exam timetables released earlier
so you can cram earlier? If yes, and if you've got one more survey in you, fill out
this
form run by your VP Education, Muneeba.
Lastly, if you like to write cool emails like this, you've gotta do it yourself by running in the
Spring Officer Elections
- nominations open next Monday!
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Nominations for Spring Officer Elections open next Monday
Do you want to improve the student experience at Warwick? You could nominate yourself or another student in the Spring Officer Elections! Take a look at the available roles here.
SU Funding Opportunities
Got an idea? Need support? The SU has various student-led funds which provide necessary financial support to our student community, making everyday life at university that little bit easier! Take a look at the funds we have available here.
Term 2 Tickets on sale
We've got some amazing events lined up for you in Term 2! Skip the FOMO and grab your tickets now on the SU website before they sell out!
Bollynights: Refreshers Rave
The UK’s Biggest Bollywood Night comes back to Warwick this Friday! Expect Dhol drummers, live performances and many more surprises in the Copper Rooms from 10pm! Buy your tickets here.
Weekly Specials at The Food Station
NEW Toasted Sandwich Specials every week! Crispy, gooey, and packed with flavour! This week, try our pork meatballs and spicy tomato sauce loaded with cheese. Available now at The Food Station for just £4.50. New fillings drop every Monday!
The (Free) Breakfast Club
The (Free) Breakfast Club is back in the Green Room every Tuesday from 8:30am-10:30am! You can enjoy a selection of tea, coffee, cereals, fruit, porridge & toast. Gluten free & vegan options are also available, including Oatly!
Co-options for Remaining Roles
There's still time to nominate yourself for the following co-options roles: International Students Officer (EU), Arts Faculty Rep PGR, Social Sciences Faculty Rep PGR & SU Forum roles. Deadline is Friday 10th January at 12pm Noon.
Calling all International Students!
This is YOUR chance to share your experiences and make your voice heard. Take the RGSU survey and help us create recommendations to improve the student experience for international students like YOU. Plus there are 20 x £50 vouchers up for grabs! Find out more here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email