22-23t1week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 7 (w/c 14th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
Is it really Week 7 already? Time flies, I hope you’re all doing well.
There is so much to tell you about this week:
The results of the All Student Vote are here, have a look to see how the student body voted.
Check out our Advice Centre's housing tips, and don’t forget, you can always book an appointment with them if you have any issues.
We have two more events this week for Hamza’s Stand Up Against Islamophobia campaign.
Final chance to buy your tickets for our Loud & Proud event on Tuesday, for all LGBTQUIA+ students and their allies.
We have also had a great amount of feedback on the bus services, if you have an issue please don’t forget to use the
Bus Complaints Form.
Have a good week!
Will Brewer
SU President
ASV Results
The All Student Vote results are in! Thank you to everyone that voted to make your voice heard. If you did vote, keep an eye on your emails - you might have won 5 Domino’s pizzas for you and your friends! Check out the ASV results here.
Housing Talks: Tips
Are you starting to look for housing for the next academic year? Click here to watch our SU Advice Centre’s top 3 tips to consider first! For more housing tips and advice, you can watch our Housing Talks with the Advice Centre at warwicksu.com/housing and click ‘Housing Talks’.
BUCS Sailing and Fencing Wins
Warwick Sailing recently hosted a weekend of fleet racing in the BUCS Sailing Fleet Championship, with 18 universities in attendance. Warwick Fencing have also come home with some fantastic wins in the BUCS Midlands Regional Fencing Tournament. Find out more!
Stand Up Against Islamophobia
This week, we have two events taking place as part of our Stand Up Against Islamophobia campaign. Join us tonight from 6-8pm in the Oculus for ‘An evening with Suhaiymah Manzoor Khan’, and on Wednesday from 6-8pm for ‘Students not suspects: Prevent and Islamophobia’.
Inclusive Sports
Check out these new sports club sessions, designed to be accessible and inclusive to all. There’s sensory table-tennis, held in a quiet and friendly space with seating provided, and Hockey Flyerz, with weekly hockey sessions inclusive for students with disabilities.
New Society Applications
Want to try something that doesn't already exist within a society at Warwick? Starting a new society could be the thing for you! Click here to read about the new society application process and submit your application, by 12pm Noon on Monday 28th November (Week 9).
Loud and Proud
It's time to get Loud & Proud! Tickets are still available for Tuesday’s Loud & Proud event, our fantastic clubnight for LGBTQUIA+ students and all their allies at Warwick. Buy your tickets for £3.
TOTUM
Have you signed up with TOTUM yet? You could be missing out on massive student discounts from a whole host of retailers. Find out about the discounts available and sign up for your TOTUM card here.
What’s On
Follow us on Instagram
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us