nss22/course-reps
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
As a Warwick student, you're an expert on life as a Warwick undergraduate, so your experience and opinions are vital. That's why we would love to hear your feedback on your satisfaction with your course in this year's National Student Survey (NSS).
The Students' Union at Warwick plays a huge part in the student experience, providing you with support, representation and social activities during your time at the University. We want to understand how we can fulfil our vision to be a world-class Students’ Union, which is why we need your feedback in the NSS.
This year alone, we elected 786 Course Reps to act on your feedback about your course. Scroll down to hear from some of your elected SU Course Reps on how they've supported you and what being a Course Rep means to them!
By completing the NSS, eligible students will be entered into a prize draw for digital Love2Shop vouchers (two prizes of £500 and fifty of £20).
Complete the NSS here.
Khushi Runwal
"As a Course Rep, I have been able to reach out to a wide range of students from my course and ask them about any difficulties that they are facing, whether it's a personal problem or something that everyone is collectively facing."
Thomas Fry
"Being a Course Rep, to me, is very much the opportunity to ensure that everybody's voices are heard, from students who might be a bit more introverted, all the way through to those who serve on student society execs."
Seyede Sharare Mortazavi
"I've had the opportunity to listen to students’ concerns and be their point of contact. It's great to communicate with people from different cultural backgrounds. Participating in monthly meetings is a great place to collaborate with people from various courses and university representatives."
Lucia Tenorio-Rodríguez
"As a Course Rep, I pride myself on having been given a voice to support students in my cohort. Working closely with the department and seeing the changes we have advocated for is deeply rewarding, and knowing that the student experience improves consistently accentuates the value of our hard work."
Seyed Khashayar Taghavirad
"I enjoy gaining feedback and hearing students' views on how the course is going, as well as understanding potential improvements that can be made. I've made great friendships with other Course Reps during meetings, where we share ideas."
Shuner Hu
"Being a Course Representative has strengthened my awareness of responsibility, and provided me with the opportunity to communicate with different people. It’s a great pleasure to be part of the Student-Staff Liaison Committee (SSLC)!"
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us