Welcome Week Offers - Email
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
welcome week STUDENT OFFERS
View Online version
Hi ,
Usually the SU holds a Welcome Fair over Arrivals Weekend where students can get access to a host of offers from companies which are designed to help save you money at the start of the year. Unfortunately we weren't able to put on a similar event this year due to the pandemic - however, we've pulled together some of the best of these offers for all those who may be interested!
Click on the links below to save money on a range of student-friendly deals:
Domino's
It’s not the usual start to Uni, but let one thing remain the same - bag yourself those Domino’s discount codes! Whatever your topping, we’ve got the best offers and discount codes to help save money. Whether it’s the first pizza shared with new / returning flat mates, hangover cure or just because it tastes so good – Domino’s is here! We deliver 24hours a day, 7 days a week so there is never a time that you can’t get your cheesy goodness fix!
On Campus Art
If you’re looking to get lecture ready with a notebook, kit out your kitchen with a mug or two, or brighten up your new room with a print then look no further. At On Campus Art we’ve got everything from anime to inspirational quotes so have a browse to find a bargain. Don’t forget we’ve got an exclusive discount code for you to use that gives you 20% off everything ‘WSU20’.
TARGETjobs
TARGETjobs brings together a range of advice, events, competitions, webinars and jobs – including opportunities for first year students!
We're excited to be running a competition for all the students that sign up at our virtual Freshers’ activities this autumn! All you need to do is
register for TARGETjobs here
to be in with a chance of winning the following giveaway: £200 Tesco voucher, £100 ASOS voucher, £100 IKEA voucher and £100 Just Eat voucher.
Competition closes 31st October 2020.
T&C’s
apply. Good Luck!
Endsleigh
You’re at uni! Give yourself the best head start and get your valuable gadgets covered. With our everywhere student packs, you can choose cover to suit your lifestyle and be ready for anything.
Welcome Uni Boob
Calling all with a chest; pay attention as this might just save your life. We are here at Warwick to represent the Coppafeel charity to everyone at Warwick with the intention of raising awareness of chest health and to encourage everyone to get to know their boobs by checking monthly! Please sign up to our FREE monthly text reminder service by texting UBTWAR to 70500. If you want to join our Uniboob team please message team leader
Alice
to find out how to join.
We also are giving you the opportunity to win a £25 ASOS voucher by downloading the LetsBap app and signing up!
Click here
for more info.
Stagecoach
With UNIBUS, students save up to 66%* on bus travel. So whatever's on your timetable, choose a great VALUE Unirider and travel with confidence.
Unibus is the most FREQUENT bus service to the University of Warwick with buses up to every 5 minutes from Leamington and up to every 15 minutes from Coventry.
Bus travel costs JUST £100 per term when you buy a 3 term Unirider, giving you unlimited and flexible travel whether you are studying or socialising.
Unibus runs DIRECT from Leamington & Coventry straight to Warwick University.
Travel with confidence with regularly cleaned buses, our busy bus checker and refund guarantee**
*66% discount, based on the purchase of a 3 term Unirider vs equivalent adult passes. **subject to our standard T&Cs
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us