24-25t1week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 8 (w/c 18th November)
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning!
It’s week 8, and wow it's getting cold! Gray November is definitely living up to its name...
In light of days getting darker, I've got an exciting update for you on Safer Warwick! 1,269 of you answered our survey last year, and based on your concerns and suggestions, we took action. Find out what you said, and we did, through
our updates below.
We're making Warwick safer thanks to you.
We’ll be hosting
Oddballs (and their Odd Pod!)
on the Piazza tomorrow, so make sure to pop by and get checked out.
Our women's officer, Gursimar, has arranged a
free Women's Health seminar
with gynaecologists tonight at 6:30pm on a first come, first serve basis - sign up here!
And finally,
Euphoria (formerly known as Loud and Proud)
is back in Copper Rooms 2 this Friday, led by our Pride Society! They can still make the whole room shimmer.
I'll see you next week, preferably by the lakes...
Enaya Nihal Your President at Warwick SU
Movember: Check Yourself with the OddPodd
The OddBalls Foundation are visiting the piazza this Tuesday with their ‘Odd Pod’, raising awareness for testicular cancer. The OddPod trailer will provide a space for men to check their balls for any unusual signs. You can also grab a free pair of Oddballs underwear if you donate!
Safer Warwick Update
Thanks to your feedback in our joint University and Students’ Union ‘Safer at Warwick Survey’ in November 2023, we’ve made some significant changes to safety on campus. See our joint update with the University here.
The Big Ask
The Warwick Presents team want to hear from you about what students really want from their programme, starting with a series of student-led workshops. There will be refreshments at every workshop, and all attendees will receive a £10 Warwick voucher as a thank you for taking part.
Euphoria - Friday
Euphoria is back this Friday night! Formerly known as Loud and Proud, Warwick Pride have taken over our LGBTQUIA+ night. Get to Copper Rooms 2 for 10pm on Friday the 25th of October and leave euphoric at 2am, with tickets HOT-TO-GO for £5 members, £5.50 non-members. Grab yours here!
Skool Dayz - Saturday
Wannabe part of the best school disco of your life? Don’t miss Warwick Uni’s Retro Party Night! Dance the night away to 00s and 10s pop bangers, hip hop hits, electronic dance classics and more.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: This Girl Can
This Girl Can is a national campaign celebrating women being active no matter how they do it! The campaign celebrates active women who are doing their thing no matter how they look, how well they do it or how sweaty they get. Find out how you can get involved here.
Let's Talk Women's Health
Eve is hosting a fun, interactive webinar with expert doctors, covering everything from sexual health and gynecology to overall wellness. We’ll show you how simple habits can make a BIG difference in how you feel.
Seeds of Change
Part of Islamophobia Awareness Month - join us for an interactive session focused on building awareness about Islamophobia and creating positive change. Dive into a quick and impactful talk, paint a plant pot, plant some seeds, and enjoy some cakes and donuts.
Green Tuesday
Join the SU's sustainable alternative to Black Friday on Tuesday 26th November! As part of the SU ‘Green Tuesday’ campaign, our Full-Time Officers are leading a collaborative clothes swap with students, societies and the University Sustainability team.
The Food Station
Now the weather's got colder, how about something warm for lunch? The Food Station at the SU has hot Burrito Bowls and Toasted Sandwiches, plus their usual great value meal deals.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email