22-23t1week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 8 (w/c 21st November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
After previously getting your attention with mentions of jacket potatoes at The Bread Oven (still there!), I now move on to students’ next favourite thing... coffee! On Tuesday, there will be a free coffee tasting session where you will be able to vote on the new Curiosi-coffee blend - see below for all the info.
There is also the chance to win a week’s free rent for taking part in Rate Your Landlord, and the chance of winning one of two £150 Amazon vouchers for completing the new Student Feedback Survey.
This student feedback is vital to the work of both the Union and University. I have seen first-hand how much it is appreciated, referenced and used in decision-making, to drive forward change across the institutions. The more we hear from you, the more powerful our representation can be.
Coming from a statistics graduate, please do take the time to answer the survey!
Will Brewer
President
Win a Week’s Free Rent
Rate Your Landlord empowers you to rate your experience with past and current landlords whilst at university. For this week only, we’re giving away a week’s free rent to one lucky winner! Take a couple of minutes to submit a rating today.
Student Feedback Survey
The University and SU are looking to find out more about your student experience this term so that we can work together to keep improving it. Complete our joint survey before 4th December to be in with a chance of winning one of two £150 Amazon vouchers!
Advice Centre Appointments
The SU Advice Centre has now launched its face-to-face booking system, where you can book a slot to see one of our friendly advisors. If you’re experiencing issues around housing, money, or your studies, please get in touch by submitting an enquiry or booking an appointment here.
Free Coffee Tasting
Be part of the Curiosi-COFFEE project! Our team at Curiositea have been working with coffee partners, Cafeology, to produce our very own Curiosi-coffee blend - now the choice is yours! Come to the SU Atrium on Tuesday, 11am-2:30pm, to taste and vote for your favourite blend.
Homonationalism and Islamophobia
What does it mean to be Queer and Muslim in Britain? Join us for the fourth event in Hamza’s (VP for Postgraduates) November campaign, Stand Up Against Islamophobia. The event is taking place this Wednesday 23 November, 6pm-8pm in S0.20: Social Sciences.
Bus Stop Drinks Offer
With our Bus Stop drinks promotion, you can buy a selection of drinks for just £2.25 at The Terrace Bar. To help make socialising more affordable, we offer drinks at reduced rates from 5pm-8pm, Monday-Saturday. Get down to the warmest Bus Stop on campus today!
RAG’s LOST Challenge
Warwick RAG (Raising and Giving) recently hosted their LOST event, where 153 people were dropped off in an unknown location before racing back to campus by any means possible, without spending any money. They raised a whopping £22,146 for Alzheimer's Research UK!
Baked Potatoes on Campus
Don’t forget, we are still offering baked potatoes at The Bread Oven this week! With 16 delicious fillings to choose from, it really is a winter warmer with something for everyone. Get yours between 11am–3pm, Monday–Friday.
What’s On
TOTUM discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us