22-23t2week2
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 2 (w/c 16th January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
It’s Week 2, and a slightly later than usual email from me - I hope everyone else has had more luck meeting deadlines than I did. Unfortunately, I can’t self certify myself out of this one and must face your ‘severe disappointment’ for having to wait an extra day!
I will keep it short; don’t forget nominations are still open for our Spring Elections - could you be the next leader of your Students’ Union?
Please do also continue to answer our
Bus Survey
. You can answer it multiple times for every bad experience you have, and that will continue to help both the Union and University push for a better service.
Otherwise, please do explore everything below, and have a great week.
Will Brewer
SU President
Officer Elections Nominations Still Open
Check out all the Full-time (paid) or Part-time (voluntary) leadership roles up for election in February, and nominate yourself or a friend to make a real difference to student life at Warwick.
Disabled Students' Refreshers Social
Come along to The Green Room in SUHQ, 5pm-7pm on Thursday 19th January to meet your Disabled Students' Officer and fellow disabled students, play some games and have a chat.
Skool Dayz
Act your shoe size not your age at Skool Dayz, this Saturday in The Copper Rooms from 10pm-2am (Circles from 7pm). Timeless classics from the 90s and 00s downstairs, and old-skool hip-hop, R&B, and D&B upstairs!
Welfare Stand Volunteers Call out
Come volunteer for our Welfare Stand at POP!, Loud & Proud and Skool Dayz, in collaboration with Sexpression Warwick – distributing condoms, bottle/drink stoppers, menstrual products and more. If interested, please contact campaigns@warwicksu.com
Do You Need a TV Licence?
Not sure if you need a TV Licence? No need to worry, TV Licensing have created a short animated video which explains when you do and don't need a TV Licence as a student.
Lunar New Year Celebration
Join us in the SU Atrium this Friday with Global Connections from 4pm to celebrate Lunar New Year, and welcoming the year of the rabbit. You can meet others and experience different traditions through various activities such as Chinese calligraphy, traditional crafts, Lion Dance and MORE!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email