23-24t2week6
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 6 (w/c 12th February) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi all,
Welcome to Week 6! I hope you're all enjoying the turn towards a slightly sunnier Monday than we've seen in a while - I know I certainly am!
For those of you waiting with bated breath, the time is finally here: the provisional candidates for the Spring Officer Elections have been revealed! You can view the full list on the
website
now.
We have a couple of campaigns related updates:
The (Free) Breakfast Club
will now be opening from 8:30am rather than 8:00am . A reminder as well, that we unfortunately only have a finite amount of food to distribute, and so once it's gone, it's gone!
In more positive news, however, as part of our End Period Poverty campaign, we have a number of free diva cups, for those of you wanting to transition to a more sustainable or cost-effective method of managing your period.
Fill out the survey
to sign up for your free reusable menstrual cup!
If you want to know more about our End Period Poverty campaign, why not come and see the stall on Wednesday as part of our
Sexual Health and Guidance Festival
(SHaG Fest!!) We'll have a whole host of societies, charities and university services all coming together to the atrium to discuss how you can best access sexual health support and guidance both on and off campus. Come and say hello, find out a little bit more, and grab some free contraception (or maybe even a Valentine's rose if you're one of the first 100 people to turn up!)
For the sports enthusiasts among us, it's been a long time coming but we're almost there: next week is
Varsity
week! Join us on Saturday for our annual throwdown with Coventry's sports teams - even if you don't play a sport yourself, why not come along and support your classmates as they make Warwick proud.
The
National Student Survey
has also just opened, which is your chance to feedback to the university and prospective students about your experience at Warwick. Fill out the survey to add your voice!
If you're just trying to get through Week 6 (so valid, just remember you're over half way through now!) then why not grab a
baked potato from the Food Station
- and finish the week with a visit to
Warwick's 44
th
Real Ale Festival
, running from Thursday to Saturday in the Copper Rooms. We'll see you there!
Have a good week!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Provisional Candidate List Revealed
Your provisional candidate list for the Spring Officer Elections has been revealed! Click here to find out who'll be running for each position. Candidate Question Times will be coming soon!
The (Free) Breakfast Club: New Time Update
Thank you for your amazing response to The (Free) Breakfast Club! We'll now be opening from 8:30am, and as we only have a certain allocation of food each day, once it's gone it's gone! If you've visited the (Free) Breakfast Club, we'd love to hear your feedback.
Claim your free reusable menstrual cup
The SU believes that the cost of menstrual care products is an unfair burden placed on those that need them, and we are committed to providing menstrual care products to those in need. Fill out this quick survey to request a free reusable menstrual cup!
Varsity is coming!
Varsity is on the horizon! Our annual showdown with Coventry SU returns on Saturday 24th February. Make sure you come along and cheer on Team Warwick as we aim for our 34th consecutive victory! Keep an eye on our socials for more info.
Sexual Health and Guidance (SHaG) Festival at the Atrium this Wednesday
The Sexual Health and Guidance Festival (nicknamed SHaG Fest) is a day-long fair in the SU designed to be a fun, light-hearted event with slightly silly activities, interspersed with information and resources surrounding physical and mental sexual health, as well as the culture around consent and relationships.
National Student Survey is now open
Calling final-year students! The NSS is your opportunity to give honest feedback on your course, so we can make improvements to the Warwick student experience. All students eligible to complete the NSS will be entered into a prize draw to win cash prizes or vouchers.
Baked Potatoes at The Food Station
Need something warm and filling on these chilly and miserable days on campus? Come to The Food Station and treat yourself to their delicious baked potatoes! You can enjoy a tasty baked potato, covered in delicious toppings and sauces of your choice, all starting from £4.50!
Warwick University 44th Real Ale Festival
The Warwick University Real Ale Society are proud to present the 44th Real Ale Festival (the largest student run beer festival in Europe) at the Copper Rooms from Thursday 15th - Saturday 17th February. With 100+ Beers and 50+ Ciders, along with various Wines and Mead, there's something for everyone
!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email