Welcome Week email 2023-24
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week commencing 18th September
All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Welcome Week is less than a week away, and we are so excited to say hello to our new students, and welcome back those who are returning!
We’re kicking off next week with our Welcome Fair, on Monday 25th and Tuesday 26th September from 11am – 4pm, held in
Warwick SU’s Atrium building
.
Come along to meet our student-friendly partners and bag yourself some great deals, from pizza, cocktails and nights out, to jobs, bus passes and student accommodation! You can enter plenty of exciting competitions, grab some student vouchers and pick up some sweet freebies!
The Students’ Union team will be outside SUHQ to greet you, and we have some fantastic prizes to give away at our stand competitions! With plenty on offer, you won’t want to miss out.
Don’t forget to
follow us on Instagram
and
join our Freshers’ Facebook group
to keep up to date.
Check out fantastic offers from some of our partners below:
Domino's Pizza
Massive student savings! Get 50% off pizza with no minimum spend exclusively on our app. Just use code: STUDY50% Don’t have the app? Just click the link to download now!
Cotswold Trading
Hello to University of Warwick students and welcome to Cotswold Trading! Click to receive 15% off all full-price products* either in our Leamington Spa store or online; use the discount code WARWICK23 at the checkout.
Escape Rooms
Escape Room Adventures Limited. Three awesome escape rooms to test your wits. Student rate just £22 per person for 3 players or more. Society group bookings welcome. We’re at 56 Bedford Street, Leamington Spa - open 7 days - last booking time 7:30pm.
Your Arts Centre
At the heart of our campus, Warwick Arts Centre hosts all the biggest names in our spaces. Explore your Arts Centre in Welcome Week. 23 Sept to 1 October we’ll have loads of things to do. Find out about volunteering, try crafts, or just hang out. Opposite the SU.
Phat Buns
Ready to kickstart uni life with a bang? Dive into the juiciest, most mouth-watering burgers in town at Phat Buns Coventry! Located in the heart of Coventry, it's the perfect spot to bond with new mates and satisfy those post-party cravings. Exclusive Freshers' Week deals await. Don't miss out!
Doorstep Desserts
Ready to sweeten up your uni beginnings? Dive into the most irresistible, drool-worthy desserts with Doorstep Desserts Coventry! Located in the heart of Coventry, simply order online and let us bring the sweetness straight to you. Exclusive Freshers' Week specials are just a click away. Why wait? Treat yourself!
Gilly Jean Crafts
We are an LGBTQIA+ run family business selling all things Pride. We currently stock over 35 different flags in hundreds of different products. Exclusively for Warwick University students we are offering 15% off to use in our etsy shop - just enter the promo code WARWICKSU15 when checking out.
Food & Drink at Warwick SU
Want to grab a bite to eat whilst browsing the Welcome Fair? Visit our fantastic SU outlets! Curiositea, our tea shop, is situated in the Atrium on the ground floor; The Food Station is on the first floor; and The Dirty Duck is accessible from the Atrium lift.
UniWristband
Check out unique and amazing offers, competitions, and prizes available weekly: Any info or questions about any event or promotion, please contact support@uniwristband.co.uk Download the app: https://shorturl.at/acDIN Referral code 46485
Party Bus to Birmingham
Join us every Friday from Friday 29th September for the best and biggest weekly events in the West Midlands. Our party animals and brand ambassadors will take you to the biggest club in the region, Pryzm Birmingham. All tickets include transport in & out + entry to Pryzm before midnight.
Rep My Flag Freshers Party
Thursday 28 September in Copper rooms 1. Rep your Country at the biggest Urban International Night on Campus! Sold out 5 years in a row - the biggest freshers event you've ever seen. Paint your face, dress in the colours of your country, free flag giveaway before 11pm.
Afrobeats vs Bashment
Friday 6 October in Copper rooms 2. Calling on all Bashment and Afrobeats lovers. Get ready to Nuh Linga & Zanku. We’re bringing non-stop vibes, good energy and all the freshest anthems, all night! This is not an event to miss!
Did you know you can get three years of savings with Totum Student+ membership for just £24.99?
Whether you love shopping online or prefer exploring on the high street, Totum has got you covered with the best student offers, vouchers, and discounts right at your fingertips!
Get a free tastecard (worth £34.99 per year) and a free 1 year International Student Identity Card (ISIC) with exclusive access to international discounts along with your very own free Pass Accredited Proof of Age ID too!
Become a savvy student and start saving today:
https://www.totum.com/
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email