22-23t1week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 4 (w/c 24th October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone,
Let’s start with a quote from my flatmate last week: “Oh you actually write that email, I’ve just been deleting them”... think of all the things they have been missing out on!
This week, I want to highlight the amazing Diwali celebrations that we have going on, as well as our Halloween Ball on Saturday. Be sure to check them out and have a look at everything we have going on.
Finally, if you identify with the LGBTQUA+, Disabled, and/or BAME communities and have found it difficult to get involved in sport, please do check out the Ally Scheme that I started last year and is now fully set up by our VP for Sports, Emma. It’s never too late to get involved!
Will Brewer
President
Diwali Celebrations
Join us at the SU tomorrow between 12pm-5pm, to celebrate Diwali! It’s an afternoon filled with craft/card making, street food, candle lighting, The Terrace Bar DJ set, a Big Screen firework display and lots of society events. We can’t wait to see you there!
Halloween Events
Don your ghastliest get-up and ready yourself for an evening of spooky goings-on at the Halloween Ball this Saturday! And if that isn’t enough, the Halloween edition of Rep My Flag is happening next Monday, with Capital Xtra’s DJ Teeshow - prepare to be spooked! Get your tickets here.
End Period Poverty Volunteers
We’re looking for volunteers to work alongside our Womens’ Officer, Enaya, on the End Period Poverty campaign, which aims to make sustainable period products free and available to all on campus. Join the campaign and sign up here.
Ally Scheme
Are you interested in a sports club at Warwick, but want some support? Our Ally Scheme, run by Sports Officer, Emma, matches members of marginalised communities with an ally within a club, to help answer questions and accompany you to sessions. Click here to be matched!
University Challenge Trials
Calling all quizzers! Following their victory in 2021, Warwick Quiz Society are calling on keen quizzers to join the Warwick team for the most prestigious quizzing show on British telly, University Challenge. Trials take place today and this Thursday!
Laptop Doctor
Got a Microsoft OS-based laptop that needs fixing? From cracked screens to hard drive upgrades, we’re here to help, and we keep our prices as low as possible. An initial assessment is free of charge, and all repairs cost a fixed fee of £50 plus any parts.
SOS-UK Survey
Be in with a chance of winning £500 by completing an online confidential survey about your time at university or college and the skills you develop for getting a job. The SOS-UK survey closes on 13th November – you could win £500 or one of 10 £50 runner-up prizes.
Active Bystander Intervention Course
The Active Bystander Intervention course explores our role as active bystanders within the University community, and equips you with knowledge, skills and confidence to make safe, effective interventions in response to harmful behaviours. Register here to start in Week 6!
What’s On
TOTUM discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us