22-23t1week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 3rd October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
Welcome to Warwick and my first official weekly email to you all as your President.
Welcome Week has really been massive this year. No doubt there are many new Warwick students still recovering from such an intense week and everyone will be getting ready to kickstart the studying (that said, my flatmate didn’t look too happy about his 9am this morning).
So to avoid adding to the workload, I will leave you to check out all our amazing opportunities, support and news below. Don’t forget to
join our clubs and societies
, and get involved in our Autumn Elections by
nominating yourself
this week!
I hope you all have a fantastic first week!
Will Brewer
SU President
Autumn Elections Nominations
Have a say in how Warwick SU is run. Nominations for our Autumn Elections close this Friday! This election is specifically to elect Course, Faculty & Department Reps, as well as Part-Time Officers and SU Committees. Find out more about the roles, or nominate yourself or a friend here.
Term 1 Tickets on Sale!
Tickets for our Term 1 events are now on sale! We have a great range of events and activities all year round, with club nights covering a multitude of music genres, to karaoke parties and comedy nights. Click here to see what’s on and get your tickets!
International Universities' Rowing Race
The Warwick Rowing Club recently headed off to Venice to compete in the prestigious International Universities’ Rowing Race, and placed second! Congrats #TeamWarwick!
Meet your Officers
If you didn’t get a chance to say hello to this year’s Full-Time and Part-Time Officers during Welcome Week, you can see what they’re all about and how they’ll be supporting you here.
Cost of Living Update
As we move towards the new academic year, we at Warwick SU recognise the huge impact of the cost of living crisis on our students, and across the country. Here's what we're doing to support you through these times.
Student Panel
The University invites you to join the student panel, where you can share your opinions to help improve the student experience at Warwick. You’ll receive Amazon vouchers or be entered into prize draws for participating. Register now!
Party Smart
It's the first week of uni, which means many of you will be going on nights out. Don't forget to #PartySmart! Visit this page for advice and guidance on taking it slow.
POP! Pass
Are you a POP! fanatic? Our POP! Pass gives you entry into every POP! of term, including Circling, so you’re guaranteed your weekly fix of cheesy tunes with DJ Disco Dave. Get yours today!
Well… looks like dinner’s sorted! Get 50% off pizza when you spend £30 or more. Just use code: STUDY£30 online at dominos.co.uk
https://dompizza.co/3scEiU
What’s On
TOTUM discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Accessibility tools