24-25t3week6
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 6
W/C 26th May
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Howdy?
It's Week 6 already!! Best of luck to everyone grinding hard this week for the next exam heavy-week. 🧑‍🏫
When you need to Take a Break, (and have exhausted sombr's discography), head to our final Pressure Drop event, and make sure to vote now for our Summer Elections!! You get to decide on your next VP Sports & Forum Reps 🤺🏄‍♀️🏋️‍♀️
You can also have a direct say in the SU's Strategy for 2025-2030 by filling out the Uni's Student Feedback Survey ♟️
See you soon...
Your SU President, Enaya 🩷
Be a Voter in our Summer Elections!
It's time to vote in the Summer Elections! Make Your Mark and choose who will be your next Vice President of Sports, as well as your Forum Members and Faculty Reps. Voting closes Friday at 12pm!
Learn More
You could be a Student Trustee!
Are you enthusiastic, committed, and reliable? You could be one of our Student Trustees! This voluntary role will help you to develop valuable skills and increase your employability, all whilst representing the views of Warwick students.
Learn More
Student Feedback Survey
The Student Feedback Survey is now open! Let us know what has been working well this term and where we can do better, and you could win shopping vouchers worth £100.
Learn More
Pressure Drop: Take a Break
Our final Pressure Drop event will give you an opportunity to find out more about the support that is available to you during the exam season. From the Advice Centre to University Wellbeing Services, to SU societies and more.
Learn More
Euphoria this Saturday!
Join Warwick Pride in the Copper Rooms this Saturday! Come in at 10pm and leave euphoric at 2am after starting Pride month in style, with tickets HOT-TO-GO for £5 for members, £5.50 for non members.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL