25-26t2week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 8
W/C 2nd March
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
We had an exciting weekend with Varsity at the Sports Hub, where we won against Coventry for the 36th year in a row! Look at the results below.
National Liberation Conference tickets are also out and they’re free for all Warwick students, so make sure you grab one. It’s an important space and I’d really encourage you to be there.
Postgrads, don’t forget to register for PG Sports Day by 4th March.
Friday Night Lights will be occurring this Friday at Butts Park with a free shuttle bus, bucket hats for the first 100, and plenty of entertainment happening at half-time.
See you there.
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
We're the Varsity Champions!
#TeamWarwick secured their 36th consecutive victory against Coventry over the weekend! Thank you to you all who came to support your teams at the Sports Hub! Look at the full fixture results here.
Learn More
Postgrads, register for our PG Sports Day!
Sign up for our PG Sports Day, happening on Friday 13th March at the Sports Hub! Deadline is Wednesday 4th March, so don't miss out and get involved!
Learn More
Get your FREE tickets to the National Liberation Conference!
From the 20th-21st March, join us for two days of workshops and sessions full of unique perspectives on how to forge solidarities through successful campaigns, while conspiring and sharing space with likeminded students from across the nation! Tickets are FREE for Warwick students!
Learn More
Voting Opens Soon in the Spring Officer Elections!
Thank you to all of you who nominated yourselves or your peers for the Spring Officer Elections! Voting will open at 9am on Monday 9th March.
Learn More
Grab your tickets for Friday Night Lights
Get ready for an action-packed Friday of university rugby! There'll be a FREE shuttle bus to the Butts Park Arena, the first 100 attendees will receive an AKUMA bucket hat, and there'll be various DJ, cheer, classical and modern dance half-time performances! Friday 6th March. Tickets: £6.
Learn More
Skool Dayz
Your favourite school disco is back in the Copper Rooms this Saturday! Put on your Vans, dig out your old favourite skinny jeans and crop top, and dance the night away to 00s and 10s pop bangers! Tickets: £6.50. Only 'Circling & Event' tickets will give entry to Circling.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL