25-26t1week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 4
W/C 27th October
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
Here’s a few quick highlights for the week:
• Come to the Copper Rooms to celebrate Black History Month on Tuesday 28th October from 2-4pm and get creative in our T-shirt Designing Workshop.
• Dance the night away at our Halloween Ball on Friday 31st October in the Copper Rooms, from 10pm-2am. Costumes encouraged!
• Buses: got thoughts for Stagecoach? Drop your feedback under our latest Insta post @warwicksuofficial so we can pass it on.
See you around campus!
Best,
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Transform your SU and University with your ideas!
No matter how big or small your change, you can submit your idea via our Make A Change platform! Submit your suggestions here.
Learn More
Get Spooky at the SU Halloween Ball!
It's time to get freaky this Friday, the Halloween Ball is back! Expect ghoulish decor, spectacular scares and much more as we bust out all your favourite seasonal classics. Tickets only £8!
Learn More
T-Shirt Design Workshop: Standing Firm in Power and Pride
Join us tomorrow from 2-4pm in Copper Rooms 2 to celebrate Black History Month through our t-shirt design workshop! This creative space will offer you the chance to design unique T-shirts that showcase resilience, heritage, and pride.
Learn More
Officer Updates - Buses
Your Officers are keeping you in the loop! James (VP Democracy and Development) and Alijah (President) have met with National Express to raise feedback about their services. Read the full update here.
Learn More
Taking the bus to campus? We need to hear from you!
Our Officers are meeting with Stagecoach on Thursday 6th November to discuss your concerns with bus travel. Do you have any thoughts? You can share your valuable feedback on our Instagram post.
Learn More
Celebrating Academic Integrity
Academic integrity means committing to honesty in academic work, giving credit where we've used others' ideas and being proud of our own achievements. You can enter a creative competition and visit pop-up events across campus!
Learn More
The (Free) Breakfast Club
Remember, you can enjoy a variety of free breakfast options at The Green Room every Tuesday morning from 8:30am-10:30am. Gluten free and vegan options also available.
Learn More
Become a Nature Positive Student Ambassador!
The University has signed the Nature Positive Pledge, and you have the opportunity to get involved! Deadline to sign up is Sunday 2nd November.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL