22-23t1week2
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 2 (w/c 10th October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Happy Monday everyone!
I hope you’ve all been enjoying your first week of getting to grips (or back to grips) with your degree, but don’t worry if it’s all a bit overwhelming currently. There is a lot of support available so be sure to check out the links below for whatever you need.
We also have an amazing series of events that our VP for Welfare & Campaigns, Tomi, has helped bring together for our Blackness, Imagination & Liberation series, so check out the link below!
Finally, this week our Academic Reps are being elected. These people are vital to being the student voice within your departments and further enhancing the student experience on your course, so vote to have your voices heard.
I hope you all have an amazing week, and to those of you who bought plants last week, try to keep them alive as long as is reasonably possible in a student house. My basil plant may have met an unfortunate end with an electric fly swatter, but my house plant is still going strong from last year.
Will Brewer
SU President
Autumn Elections: Vote Now!
Who do you want to represent you at the SU this year? Find out more about the positions available, read the candidates' manifestos and cast your vote online. Voting closes at 12pm Noon on Friday.
Blackness, Imagination, Liberation
As part of Black History Month, Warwick SU is hosting a series of events, in our new campaign to showcase Black creative talent at Warwick. Click here to see what's on and get involved!
Laptop Doctor
Broken laptop? Bring it to the SU's Laptop Doctor! If you have a damaged Microsoft OS-based laptop that’s out of warranty, our brand-new laptop repair service could be just what you need. Book your free assessment today.
Sports Club Events
Looking to get involved in all the many sports events that clubs are hosting? We have complied the very best of club events into this club calendar! Make sure to check out all the exciting events that clubs have planned this term.
Support on Campus
From spaces to relax and study to free sports programmes and period products, there are lots of facilities and events on campus available to you at no cost. Find out more and make the most of the resources on campus to help support you.
World Mental Health Day
Today is World Mental Health Day, and the theme set by Mental Health UK this year is looking after ‘Number 1’. What can you do to make mental health your Number 1 priority? Click here to access plenty of useful resources, including mental health and money advice.
SU Advice Centre
Did you meet the SU Advice Centre team during Welcome Week? If not, find out about the free, independent and confidential advice we can give you, to help you resolve problems whilst studying at Warwick, from housing through to money and academic issues.
Discover Events
Are you new to Warwick this year, or haven’t been involved in our evening events and clubnights before? Check out our regular events, so you can discover POP!, Skool Dayz, pub quizzes, karaoke nights and all of our most popular events.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us