23-24t1week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 5 (w/c 30th October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone, me again!
There's nothing scarier than the fact that we're almost half way through term (how is it Week 5?!) but if you're still in a spooky mood then you're in luck! We have our
Rep My Flag
and
Bollywood Halloween
events on Tuesday night, so grab your ticket and crack out your costume or your flag!
We're also gearing up for our
Postgraduate Fair
on Thursday in the Atrium! This will be a fantastic opportunity to come and network with other PG students, engage in some shared activities, and discover the events, services and campaigns tailored for Postgraduates. If you'd like to get a headstart, there's a PG Pub Quiz in the Graduate tonight from 7pm.
The beginning of November also marks the start of
Islamophobia Awareness Month
, which gives us a chance to learn and reflect on the experiences of our Muslim friends and peers in the Warwick community and beyond. You can keep up to date with how the SU will be marking this month through our
Stand Up to Islamophobia
campaign.
The University is also running a
Travel Survey
at the moment - if you have thoughts about transport  to and from campus then this is one of the opportunities coming up to feedback on your experience, so please do give your insight!
That's all from us for now - have a fantastic week!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Rep My Flag & Bollywood
Have you booked your tickets for our spookiest event on Halloween night? Visit our website and grab your tickets for RepMyFlag: Halloween Edition and Bollywood Halloween before they sell out!
Postgraduate Fair (with PG Connections)
Postgrads, this is for you! Join us in The Atrium on Thursday 2nd November from 11am-3pm for our Postgraduate Fair with PG Connections. This event is tailored towards Mature and Postgraduate Students but all students are welcome to attend. Part of the PG Connections Campaign.
Islamophobia Awareness Month
November marks Islamophobia Awareness Month, which aims to educate people on what Islamophobia is and how it manifests within our society and wider culture. It also aims to educate people on the culture and lived experiences of Muslims to break down barriers and reduce prejudice. Find out more here.
Treat Yourself at The Food Station!
The best place to grab lunch on campus! Choose from baguettes made to order with your choice of fillings, hot burrito bowls or nachos to tantalise your tastebuds. There's also our vegan stand where you can grab a meal from the freezer, hot pastries or other totally meat-free snacks.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
Another one for our Postgrads! Tonight you can test your skills at the Postgraduate Pub Quiz in The Graduate from 7pm! Grab your mates and battle it out to find out who's the brainiest of the Postgrad bunch! Free entry.
University of Warwick Travel Survey 2023
The University would like all students and staff to be able to travel in a sustainable way to and from campus. This survey will only take 10 minutes to complete, and you could be in with a chance of winning some fantastic prizes, like Apple products and Love2Shop vouchers.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email