22-23t3week3
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 3 w/c 8th May All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
Will Brewer
SU President
Union Awards: Student Voice & Impact
The Student Voice & Impact Awards nominations are now open! We have a wide range of categories to reflect the variety of ways YOU have empowered the student voice at Warwick. For anyone involved in sports and societies, the Sports and Society Awards nominations will also be open!
Summer Elections: Nominations Open!
Nominations have now opened in the Summer Elections! Tap here to find out about all the roles available and to nominate yourself. Nominations close on Friday 19th May at 12pm Noon.
Party Bus to Birmingham
Along with POP!, Skool Dayz and Loud & Proud, you can also catch the Party Bus to Birmingham every Friday this Term! Don't miss out and grab your tickets here.
How does class impact labour market prospects & what more can be done? With Sarah Atkinson
Join Sarah Atkinson, CEO of the Social Mobility Foundation for a discussion about how class impacts the labour market. Funded by the Warwick Innovation Fund. Thursday 11th May, 1pm-2pm at OCO.03 in the Oculus Theatre.
black[untitled] Take Over: Lunchtime Listening Session & Sample Workshop
Unleash your inner musician with black[untitled] on Wednesday 17th May. Whether you’re a beginner or a seasoned pro, all are welcome to join in on the fun. You'll also have the opportunity to create your own samples to take home! 1:30pm-4pm at Warwick Arts Centre.
Sports Club Membership Discount
Take a break from revision and get involved in some sport, Warwick Sport are offering two thirds discount for sports club membership during Term 3! Term 3 only. Email Emma (VP Sports) at: emma.birch@warwicksu.com for any assistance.
Outstanding Student Contribution Awards
Do you know a student who'll be graduating this year and has made an outstanding contribution to our Warwick community? If so, nominate them for an OSCA! Nominations close Sunday 14th May.
Eurovision Song Contest Live Final
If you can't make it to Liverpool, join us at the Piazza to watch the main event on the big screen! Don't worry if it's raining, we're also screening it in Bar Fusion! Fancy dress is strongly encouraged and it's BYOB (bring your own blanket!) Saturday 13th May, 6pm-Midnight.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email