24-25t3week9
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 9
W/C 16th June
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Top o’ the mornin’ to ya! 🤠
It’s week 9, which means we can wash our hands clean of exam season and get ready for partying in the sun 💧☀️
The 60
th
anniversary celebrations launched with our exhibition at the beginning of term, but now’s the time to officially launch the Yearbook!!📓 Our launch event hosted alumni and current execs who helped write it, but we’re releasing the speech and performance recordings on our website for everyone to watch along with the Yearbook🎊🩷
If you’d like a physical copy, there are limited editions available for you to claim✨✨
here
✨✨
Sports Ball was incredible, so thank you to everyone who rolled up to it! Winners of the Sports Awards (including Club of the Year 🏈) can be found
here
. To find out who’s winning Society of the Year and the Kevin Gately Award, tune into Union Awards tomorrow👀– excited to see you there! 🏆
With pizzazz🎆
Your SU President,
Enaya 🩷
Your Sports Awards Winners!
We hope you had a blast at Sports Ball on Saturday! Take a look at the Sports Awards winners here.
Learn More
Union Awards this Tuesday!
Tomorrow evening, our next round of awards will be sweeping the Atrium! You can view the shortlist for Societies and Student Voice & Impact Awards here.
Learn More
PG Wellbeing Day 2!
Our second PG Wellbeing Day will be taking place at Warwick Medical School on Tuesday 24th June from 12pm! You could cuddle fuzzy alpacas and relax in our Yoga South Bath Session! Whether you’re dropping by between labs or staying for the full session, we’d love to have you there.
Learn More
We Are Hiring!
We're still looking for our next Digital Support Assistant to work within the Communications and Marketing Team! This is a great role for someone looking to gain digital comms experience, and a fantastic opportunity for the right person to really make a difference. Deadline is this Wednesday!
Learn More
Flex Your Fundraising Prowess!
Are you confident and enthusiastic? Ready to take on the challenge of raising funds and awareness for the largest global men's health movement? You could be the next Movember Student Ambassador! Apply here.
Learn More
Warwick Sustainability: June Newsletter
This month, Warwick Sustainability are celebrating their AUDE Award win, the launch of custom Donation Stations, and their pledge to become a Nature Positive University! Read more below.
Learn More
Volunteers Needed for Donation Drive
Ready to make a difference? The Warwick Donation Drive is back this May, and we need YOU! Join us to fight waste and make an impact. Sign up below!
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL