24-25t3week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 7
W/C 2nd June
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
What's cookin', good-lookin'?
I'm back with some cool things to look forward to (and a smidge of a warning about buses RIP)...
Firstly, the (Cruel) Summer Elections have come to a close! Louis will be back as your VP Sports 🤺 Find the full results on our website :) 🪸
The heaviest set of assignments and exams should be ending, so don your themed circle outfits for POP! Thrift Thursdays are also back this week 🛍️
The A429 Road in Kenilworth will be closed from today until the end of July, barring a weekend, so be sure to leave a little earlier in the mornings if you’re a Kenilworth or Leam-dweller ⚠️
And finally, do fill in the Student Feedback Survey!!
See ya next time,
Your SU President,
Enaya 🩷
Your VP Sports for 2025/26 has been revealed!
Thank you to everyone who voted in this year's Summer Elections! Your next VP Sports, Forum Members and Faculty Reps for 2025/26 can be viewed here.
Learn More
Thrift Thursday
Kickstart your sustainable shopping adventure this Thursday from 10am in the Atrium and on the Piazza! We have so many stalls in store for you, find out who they are here. Also the first 100 people to visit the Atrium will get a free tote bag!
Learn More
Have your say and shape your Warwick experience!
The Student Feedback Survey is still open, and your voice matters! With your feedback, we are continuously working to address concerns and enhance your experience at Warwick. You could also win shopping vouchers worth up to £100!
Learn More
Local area tours
Moving somewhere different next year? Not sure what is around or what it's really like? Looking to chat to someone who has lived there and ask some questions? Sign up here for the student-designed local area tour, and see life through the lens of someone who's been in your shoes!
Learn More
Calling all PG students!
Join our PG Wellbeing Day from 12pm Noon on Monday 9th June, for a perfect blend of mindfulness, connection and fuzzy joy. You can pet adorable alpacas, tuck into tasty pizza and grab some freebies! Find out more here.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL