24-25t1week3
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 2nd October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hey y'all,
It's
week 3 ALREADY!
It's ok, I'm ok (and I hope you're ok!). It's time to find out who’s
representing you over the next academic year
by heading to our website for the
Autumn Elections results
:)
If you'd like to make your case for
change at the SU
, make sure you've
submitted your motions
for the
All Student Vote
by the
21st of October (next Monday)!
We've also got some
events
lined up for
Black History Month
next week - have a look below.
Make sure to
take a break
and
explore some of our gorgeous green spaces
🌲. You can also have your artwork, inspired by the wildlife on campus, displayed in the FAB Agora by submitting your work from today till the 2nd of December! Join the Sustainability at Warwick newsletter to find out more.
Ending this week's newsletter with a fun event to look forward to - our
Postgraduate Pub Quiz takes place tonight!
We'll see you there :)
Signing off (not really),
Enaya Nihal
SU President
Autumn Elections: Results Available
Results for the Autumn Elections are now available! Find out who your next Course Reps, Faculty Reps and other Part-Time Officers are here.
Submit your motions for the All Student Vote
The All Student Vote (ASV) is an opportunity for Warwick students to debate and vote on motions submitted by fellow students. If you're interested in submitting a motion, you can find out more here. You have until the 21st October to submit!
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
The Postgrad Pub Quiz is back on tonight! Round up your mates and head to The Graduate for 7pm for a fun-filled Monday evening. It's also free entry for teams!
Black History Month: T-shirt making workshop
On Tuesday 22nd October, you're invited to a special T-shirt designing workshop for Black History Month. The workshop offers a creative space to reflect on the power of storytelling and representation, while designing unique T-shirts that symbolise pride and resilience.
That Friday Feeling!
Are you looking for either a chilled out, competitive, or party-filled Friday night? You can enjoy all of these vibes in The Atrium! Whatever Friday Feeling you have, bring that feeling to the SU, the home of Friday nights.
Juicy
Join us every Friday, in the newly refurbished Terrace Bar, for a night brimming with global beats and urban vibes whilst savouring the delights of our new range of Juicy cocktails. Dance the night away to banger after banger from DJ Spincycle, mixing tracks from across the globe.
Wild Warwick
Wild Warwick is a project to promote and celebrate wildlife and green spaces on campus! This competition welcomes submissions of art (photography, paintings, poetry and more) which use the University’s wildlife and green spaces as inspiration. Find out how to enter here.
Sustainability at Warwick newsletter
The October edition of Sustainability at Warwick's newsletter has dropped! This month they're encouraging you to sign up to Climate Literacy Training, recapping their Welcome Week events and inviting everyone to learn about solar panels on campus.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email