24-25t2week3
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 3 (w/c 20th January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning, everyone!
Is it week 3 ALREADY?! It's unbelievable we're already at the back end of January, with winter graduations starting today!
Congratulations
to those of you who get to graduate during the cooler months
🌨️
For those of you still in the throes of battling tests and essay deadlines (whilst hungover), we've got some cool things (including a
58% discount
on your daily coffee from Curiositea
☕️ if you swap to Oatly) coming your way this week!
On Wednesday, I'll be launching the University's (
and Union's!
)
60
th
Anniversary Celebration with
600 free cupcakes
!! Drop by around midday and find out more
here
🧁
This is (not) the last time I'm asking you this if you're an
international student..
. fill out the
RGSU survey
we'll be taking to Parliament to
fight for your rights
against a hostile environment
✊
Last but not least, the SU's
Disability Item Fund
is now
open,
so be sure to apply before we run out!
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Nominate in the Spring Officer Elections!
Thought about nominating yourself, or recommending a student in the Spring Officer Elections? You could be the future of Warwick SU! Make Your Mark and tap here for more info.
The skills you need & gain as an Officer
Thinking of running in the Spring Officer Elections? You may be more prepared than you think. Watch our handy YouTube video about the skills you need and will gain if you become an Officer.
Writing a Winning Manifesto
If you're thinking of nominating yourself in the Spring Officer Elections, you will need to write a manifesto. Not sure where to start? Watch our handy guide on YouTube here.
Oatly Takeover at Curiositea!
Curiositea & Oatly are teaming up to bring you a weeklong epic Veganuary celebration this week only! You can get 58% OFF lattes, cappuccinos, macchiatos, mochas and more by just switching to Oatly milk, and you could win a free T-shirt by showing your phone at 58% battery!
Disability Item Fund
The Disability Item Fund is now open! This fund will provide financial assistance for students to purchase disability items (up to £50 per person) that would help with university and everyday life. You can find out more and fill out the form here.
1 Week til' Refreshers Fair!
Refreshers Fair is next week! Next Thursday in the Atrium, you'll be able to bag some freebies, discover exclusive deals and grab some FREE pizza!
Grab your tickets for Term 2 events!
There's so many events that you can enjoy during Term 2, you wouldn't want to miss out! Skip the stress and book your tickets in advance here.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: Locker 21
Locker 21 is a discreet way of accessing free sexual health and menstrual products. You can request the products you need online, and collect them from Locker 21, located on the ground floor of the SU. Available products include: tampons, pads, condoms, lube and dental dams. Find out more here.
RGSU Survey for International Students
International students; you still have time to make your voice heard through the RGSU survey! Help us create recommendations to improve the student experience for international students like YOU. Plus there are 20 x £50 vouchers up for grabs! Find out more here.
60th Anniversary Launch Celebration
Join us 12.30pm - 1.30pm in the Piazza on Wednesday 22nd January to mark the start of the University's 60th anniversary programme! There will be cake for 600 people, the food market will be taking place nearby and winter graduation will be in full flow.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email