23-24t1week2
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 2 (w/c 9th October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone! I’m Holly, your VP for education, stepping in for Anna this week to write your weekly Warwick SU update. I hope you all had a great first week of term – we’re looking forward to a great term 1 with all the new and returning faces we’re seeing over at the SU!
We’ve got an exciting week ahead, with voting opening for the Autumn elections –
navigate to the student voice section of our website to make sure your voice is heard!
We are also now one week into Black History Month, and this Thursday you can join us over in the SU for a
bead-making event
, celebrating its rich history in African culture.
This week sees the arrival of Parj’s Fruit and Vegetable market, which will will be a new weekly feature in the SU. Wander into the SU Atrium on Tuesday to grab some delicious, fresh, organic produce.
Something else to look forward to is the return of the Women and Non-Binary Self Defence classes, a project set up by Emma, our VP for Sports, and Enaya, our VP for Welfare & Campaigns. Take a moment to check out the information about the classes if you’re interested in getting equipped with self defence skills and a boost of confidence.
Finally, this Saturday, get ready for a nostalgia hit with the return of Skooldayz in The Copper Rooms.
Tickets are available now on the SU website!
Thanks for reading – I hope you all have a wonderful week!
Holly Roffe
Vice President Education
Autumn Elections: Vote Now!
Who do you want to represent you at the SU this year? Find out more about the positions available, read the candidates' manifestos and cast your vote online. Voting closes at 12pm Noon on Friday.
Fresh Fruit and Veg in the Atrium tomorrow!
Every Tuesday in The Atrium from the 10th October, you can say hello to Parj from Maddy's Fruit and Veg and treat yourself to lovely, fresh, organic fruit and vegetables...for student-friendly prices!
Discover our events - Sonic
Contemporary and classic Indie floor-fillers are the order of the night, as our resident DJs serve up your favourite alternative anthems in The Copper Rooms from 10pm, Saturday in weeks 3 & 7. Tickets online - £6.
Skool Dayz Saturday
Pull your socks up and hide your gum as we relive the best tracks from your youth at Skool Dayz! Featuring timeless classics from the 90's, noughties and 10's downstairs, plus old-school hip hop, RnB and D&B upstairs. The Copper Rooms, 10pm Saturday in weeks 2 & 8.
Bead-making for Black History Month
There is a rich history of bead-making in African culture where they were used to communicate social and marital status, or connect with ancestral spirits. Join us in the SU this Thursday for a free, relaxed bead-making session to create your own jewellery such as earrings, bracelets or keyrings.
The SU Advice Centre is here to help
The Advice Centre, is a free, professional, confidential, non-judgmental service, independent from the University. If you are experiencing a problem in relation to your studies, accommodation, money or personal problems, please head to our contacts page and log an enquiry or book an appointment.
Women & Non-Binary Self Defence Classes
Our self-defence classes for women and non-binary people will equip you with the skills needed for self-defence and boosting confidence, drawing on a range of martial arts and combat sports. Click the link and search for 'Women & Nb Self Defense'
Students’ Union Finance Counter Update
To make the Students’ Union Finance Counter more accessible, opening times have now been permanently extended during term-time to 10am - 4.30pm Monday to Thursday, and 10am - 3.30pm on Fridays.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email