22-23t3week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 8 w/c 12th June All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
This week it’s the turn of the Societies Awards to announce their shortlist - and a reminder that SocFest is just over one week away!
However, this is also an important time of year for Sports, with Sports Ball on Friday, and the Sports Awards winners being announced! There is also an amazing Inclusive Sports Day being introduced by our VP Sports, Emma, on Monday 19
th
June, with a range of sports that can be played by people of all physical abilities.
For those with exams, I hope they are drawing to a successful end and that you’ll all be able to start celebrating this week.
Will Brewer
SU President
Societies Awards: Shortlist Revealed!
The shortlist for Socs Awards is finally here! A massive congratulations to everyone on our shortlists and thank you to all those who have supported this year's Socs Awards. The winners will be announced at this year's Socs Fest on Thursday 22nd June.
SocFest: Coming soon...
SocFest is back next Thursday 22nd June starting from 11am until late! Organised by your Vice President of Societies, Anna Taylor with support from our Societies Committee, expect a host of live entertainment, exciting games and of course, food trucks for snacks throughout the day.
Sports Ball: Wristband Collection
Ready for Sports Ball? This year, individual wristbands will be ready for collection from 10:30am on Friday from the SU Atrium (outside Copper Rooms Doors, opposite Curiositea). Just remember to bring you student ID to collect your wristband.
Inclusive Sports Day
Join us next Monday 19th June for our Inclusive Sports Day at the Sports Hub from 10am until 4pm! Led by Emma, your Vice President for Sports you can expect a series of adapted sports that can be played by people of all physical abilities. Find out more here.
Skool Dayz
It’s the final Skool Dayz of the 22/23 academic year so it’s time to relive the best (and worst!) tunes from your misspent youth and leave Term 3 with a bang! Tickets on sale now.
Swap Shop
Got any unwanted clothes? Come along to the Swap Shop this Wednesday from 11am until 4pm at the SU Atrium. Swing by and browse the rails to find something new for your wardrobe. Learn more here.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email