24-25t1week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 2nd October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hey there!
Welcome (back) to Warwick :)
I’m Enaya, your SU President, and I hope your year’s off to an incredible start! Dare I say that was the best Welcome Week we’ve had since the pandemic  👀  (and yes, some of us were freshers in 2020…)
You might’ve seen some hot pink hoodies at sports and socs fair, or even at an induction talk with your department - those are your
Full-Time Officers!
There are 7 of us, and you can find our roles, unusual skills and cameos (spoiler: someone was featured in Heartstopper!) below.
If you’d like to get a cool hoodie and have a say in how your course, University and SU are run, I’d strongly recommend nominating yourself in our
Autumn elections
, open now!
For the fun stuff, we’ve got a freshly refurbished
Terrace Bar
(now a certified Safe Space thanks to the Egalitarian!) and our very first
Pop!
of the year this Wednesday in the
Copper Rooms
! If
Curiositea
is more up your street, we’re also launching a brand-new weekly event in the Atrium:
That Friday Feeling
! Curio will be open with board games, snacks, and hot drinks available throughout the night - can’t wait to see you there!
Keep an eye out for our
Fresh & Juicy
market in the Atrium today and on Thursday for some seasonal root vegetables and berries, too. If you’d like to explore priceless artwork and historical wonders in cities and towns nearby, you can sign up for the
Student Art Pass
with an exclusive deal below!
I’m so excited to see what this year has in store for all of us. I can tell it’s going to be a positively electric one already!
Enaya Nihal
SU President
Meet Your Full-Time Officers
Each year, the student body elects 7 Full-Time Student Officers to lead the Students' Union. These Officers work alongside our dedicated staff team to deliver a wealth of services for you. Find out more about them here.
Autumn Elections: Nominate Now
Nominations are open for our Autumn Elections! Nominate yourself or a friend now, and have a say in how your SU is run. Closes at 12pm Noon on Friday 4th October.
Get Your Term 1 Tickets and POP! Pass
It's time to grab your tickets for Term 1 events! Be quick though, they're sure to sell out soon! You can also grab your POP! Pass, guaranteeing you entry to every single POP! this term.
Terrace Bar Makeover
New year, new Terrace Bar! TBar has gone through a glow-up over the summer, and we’re so happy with the results! We've also refurbed our Mix Up cocktail offers and Drop In (formerly Bus Stop) offers! It's time to treat yourself in style at Terrace Bar!
Food and Drink at the SU
Visit the SU’s outlets and venues to enjoy our vibrant student community! Study with a coffee and cake from Curiositea, enjoy a cocktail (or mocktail) at Terrace Bar, tuck into a hearty dinner with your mates at The Dirty Duck, or grab a bite of lunch at The Food Station.
Fresh & Juicy: Our Fruit & Veg Stall
Our fruit and veg stall 'Fresh and Juicy' is back for Term 1! Bringing a burst of flavour and nutrition to Warwick. Discover a world of delicious fresh fruits and vegetables, at prices that will make your wallet smile.
That Friday Feeling!
What's better than that Friday Feeling.... Having that Friday Feeling at the SU! The Atrium is your Friday night hub to have a coffee and chill, play some fun and competitive games, or enjoy some delicious cocktails! Find out what the SU has in store for you every Friday here.
Student Art Pass
A Student Art Pass lets you dive into culture on a budget with free entry to hundreds of museums and galleries across the UK, and 50% off major exhibitions. All for just £10! Get your student pass here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email