22-23t1week6
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 6 (w/c 7th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
Unfortunately, I do not get a reading week and join many of you in being jealous of those that do!
As promised, if you scroll down to the links below, you will see a feedback form regarding the recent poor bus service we know many of you have experienced. Please use this whenever you have an issue with buses.
The big news this week is our All Student Vote! This is your chance to have your say and direct your Students' Union, so be sure to check out all of the motions and vote before midday on Friday this week.
We also have an update from your Full-Time Officer team, so you can see what they have been doing for you, and in particular, you can find out about the work Hamza has been doing for Islamophobia Awareness Month.
For those of you at home, I doubt you’re reading this, but for everyone else, I hope you have great week.
Will Brewer
SU President
Stand Up Against Islamophobia
Stand Up Against Islamophobia is a month-long project during Islamophobia Awareness Month, highlighting how Islamophobia manifests within our society and wider culture. We are running a series of events with speakers, panels, reading and poetry performances. Find out more.
All Student Vote Meeting
Tonight at 5pm-7pm, in the SU Atrium, is the return of the All Student Vote Meeting! You'll have the opportunity to debate the motions submitted for consideration this term by your fellow students, including car parking and strike action. Join us in person or online!
Bus Service Feedback
We are aware that many of you are experiencing issues with buses. Please complete this complaints form, to log whenever you have an issue. The SU and the University will work together using this data to improve the bus service for all students.
Full-Time Officer Update
Your Full-Time Officer team have been working hard this term to help support and represent you. Take a look at their updates to see what they’ve been working on and what they’ve achieved on behalf of you!
Univision
This year, Warwick is taking part in Univision! I’s like Eurovision, but across Universities in the UK. Auditions take place on the evening of Tuesday 22nd November in The Copper Rooms. You’ll be able to bring friends along to watch, and the bar will be open. Register to audition here!
Armistice Day Commemoration
There will be a gathering on the Piazza with Warwick students and staff, alongside the local community, for an act of remembrance this Armistice Day. Join us on the Piazza this Friday 11th November from 10:30am.
Rate Your Landlord
As part of your house hunting process for next academic year, be sure to take a look on Rate Your Landlord, to see if other students have left reviews about any accommodation you are considering. You can also leave a review about your current and past student housing!
Broken Laptop?
Don’t forget, the SU’s brand new laptop repair service is here to help! If you have a Microsoft OS-based laptop that isn’t behaving, book a free initial assessment with our Laptop Doctor, with repairs after this costing £50 plus any parts.
Here’s a deal we think you’ll love… Collect any size pizza and get the other absolutely FREE!
https://dompizza.co/3scEiU
What’s On
TOTUM discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us