23-24t2week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 8th January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi all,
Welcome back to Term 2! We hope you had a restful break and are feeling energised and refreshed for a packed term.
Our first piece of extremely exciting news...nominations are open today for our Spring Elections! In Week 9, you'll be electing next year's team of both Full-Time and Part-Time Officers, as well as nominating your NUS delegates.
If you know someone who should be the future face of student democracy, or want to campaign for a candidate, then keep an eye on our socials for upcoming campaign information, or feel free to contact one of your existing officers to learn more about the job. Otherwise, we can't wait for you all to vote in Week 9!
If you're not all as barmy about democracy as we are, however (we're not weird, just enthusiastic, we promise!) then never fear - we're hitting the ground running with a whole host of campaigns and opportunities this term.
Our End Period Poverty campaign is looking for volunteers - if you'd like to be part of the team that helps distribute free period products to bathrooms across campus, then please do get involved at the link below!
Enaya is also bringing you our Free Breakfast Club campaign, providing free breakfasts in the Green Room every Tuesday and Thursday morning across Term 2. We're also taking part in Veganuary, so if you'd like to get more creative with your cooking and challenge yourself to a plant-based diet across January then join in our campaign! Why not visit our new Fresh and Juicy fruit and veg stall, coming back to the atrium every Thursday from 9-5!
If you're looking for housing, our Housemates Wanted Page, supported by the WSU Advice Centre, is up and running to help you find a group to live with going into the next academic year.
And finally, tickets for Term 2's events in the SU are LIVE NOW, so grab your POP! tickets now before they sell out!
We're so glad to see you all back (campus is too quiet without you all ??) and are so excited for another action-packed term. Have a fab week!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Welcome to Term 2!
You've made it to Term 2! We hope you've had a lovely and well-deserved break, and it's time to get stuck in! Tap here to find out what's going on at Warwick SU.
Spring Officer Elections: Nominate Now!
Nominations are now open for the Spring Officer Elections! It's time to make your mark, and nominate yourself or your friends for our Full-Time and Part-Time Officer roles, along with NUS Delegates! Tap here to get involved.
Get Your Term 2 Tickets and POP! Pass
Go! Go! Go! Term 2 events tickets are on sale NOW! Be quick, they're sure to sell out soon! You can also grab your POP! Pass, guaranteeing you entry to every single POP! this term.
Fresh & Juicy
Our new fruit and veg stall is finally here, bringing a burst of flavour and nutrition back to the heart of Warwick Campus. Discover a world of delicious fresh fruits and vegetables at prices that will make your wallet smile! Every Thursday from 9am-5pm in The Atrium.
The (Free) Breakfast Club
Join us for free breakfast on Tuesdays and Thursdays throughout term time, hosted in the Green Room from 8-11am! Help yourself to a variety of hot and cold breakfast options, as well as hot drinks. Tap here to find out more. Supported by the Warwick Innovation Fund.
Housemates Wanted Page
Need to find a housemate, or looking for a room? The Advice Centre have a place to publicise spaces in your houses for either this year or next year. Check it out here!
End Period Poverty Volunteers Required
We want to make sure that students can access free pads and applicator tampons in bathrooms across campus, so we need volunteers to collect stock from the SU each week to replenish their allocated bathrooms. Click here to find out more.
Veganuary
This month, the charity Veganuary encourages everyone to try a 31-day vegan challenge. Founded back in 2014, this UK-based charity is on a mission to eradicate animal cruelty, environmental destruction, and create healthier food systems for human beings. Find out how the SU will be supporting here.
Wednesday Afternoons Survey
Do you have core teaching after 12pm on Wednesdays? We are collecting data as part of an ongoing campaign to keep Wednesday afternoons free for extracurricular activities (including BUCS Sport). Please fill in this form so we can collect as much evidence as possible!
Sustainability Challenge: Food and Drink
The University is running a Sustainability Challenge on the theme of Food and Drink, asking students to design solutions to problems with food supply, production, consumption and waste. Interested? Then sign up now, but hurry, as places are limited and the deadline is 12th January.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email