22-23t3week9
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 9 w/c 19th June All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
It’s week 9 and you now only have one more of these to read from me!
This week we are announcing our Student Voice and Sports Awards winners; these people are at the heart of everything we do and have made a huge impact over their short time here.
However, the big news this week is SOCFEST! So make sure to come down on Thursday to be a part of everything going on.
To those of you leaving us this year, I hope you have an amazing few weeks celebrating.
Will Brewer
SU President
Student Voice & Impact Awards: Winners
The results are now in for Student Voice & Impact Awards! A massive congratulations to our winners and thank you to everyone who supported and voted in this year's awards. Check out your winners here.
Sports Awards: Winners
The winners for Sports Awards have now been revealed! Thank you to everyone who voted in the Sports Awards that took place on Friday at Sports Ball and a big congratulations to all the winners. See your winners here.
SocFest
Don't forget SocFest is on this THURSDAY from 11am until late! At 2pm, pop along to see who the winner of our gunge competition is! After SocFest, we'll be hosting our Socs Award ceremony in Zone 2 outside Senate House from 6pm until late.
Loud & Proud
End Pride Month in style at our last Loud & Proud night of the year! DJ Craig Law of Gaydio fame will be selecting some incredible queer anthems to make it a night to remember for our LGBTQUIA+ students and all their allies. Buy your tickets here!
Food Parcels
The Advice Centre have food parcels available for those who are experiencing difficulties at the moment. You can have a food parcel arranged confidentially by completing our enquiry form and the team will contact you to arrange a collection between 9am-3pm from Monday to Friday. We're here to help.
Moving out without losing out
Moving out of your off-campus accommodation over the coming weeks? If so, move out without losing out! Make sure you follow these handy steps when moving out at the end of the current academic year so can get your full deposit back!
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email