22-23t1week9
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 9 (w/c 28th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
It is that time again... the Christmas dinner baguette is back at The Bread Oven! I’ve been waiting an entire year for this day. However, for the Scrooges among you, I apologise for this Christmas messaging while it’s still November.
We are again promoting the Student Feedback Survey which is closing at the end of this week, but also asking you to vote in the Society of the Year Awards, where many of our amazing societies have been shortlisted.
Finally, please do look out for the information that the SU is releasing on
Instagram stories
each day about Domestic Abuse over the 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence, until the 10th of December. All of the previous posts are also available on our story highlights.
Will Brewer
President
Student Feedback Survey
This week is your final opportunity to complete the Term 1 Student Feedback Survey. Take a few minutes to let us know how you’re feeling about your student experience and SU services, so we can work with the University to make improvements.
Save the Date: Term 2 Tickets!
For all those who've been asking, tickets and passes for Term 2 events will go on sale Wednesday 14th December at 12pm Noon. That includes POP!, Skool Dayz, Reflektor, and Loud and Proud - make sure you note the date in your calendars so you don’t miss out!
Free Breakfast Club
Warwick Volunteers are offering a free breakfast on Wednesdays in The Green Room (SUHQ) to support students during the cost of living crisis. Come along between 9.30am – 11am for free hot drinks, toast, pastries and fruit. Click here to email the team with any dietary requirements.
Univision Auditions
Fancy your chances at becoming the next ABBA? Applications to audition for Univision are still open! Univision is like Eurovision, except across UK Universities. Show off your talents to the Warwick crowd on Tuesday 6th December, from 6pm. Apply here!
Society of the Year Awards
Voting for the Bright Network's Society of the Year Awards is now open! A number of Warwick societies have been shortlisted - you can help your fellow students gain both an award and a pot of funding for the coming year. Cast your votes by Friday 2nd December!
Green Homes Grants
The weather has turned colder, and you may find yourself negotiating with housemates about the heating or worrying about the bills. Warwick District Council have secured funding to help residents keep warmer and lower fuel bills. Find out if you’re eligible and how to apply here.
16 Days of Action
We're partnering with Report and Support and Warwick Wellbeing Services to deliver 16 days of awareness of domestic abuse, as part of the international campaign '16 days of activism against gender-based violence'. Follow us on Instagram to see our daily stories.
Christmas Specials at the SU
Christmas specials have arrived at Curiositea and The Bread Oven! This festive season, enjoy a candy cane mocha, gingerbread latte, vegan orange hot chocolate and a Christmas dinner baguette! Click here for opening times at Curiositea and The Bread Oven.
Housing Talks: Contracts
Found a house for next year, but feeling frazzled by contracts? Bianca from our SU Advice Centre team is here to break it down for you – watch this video to find out more. Don’t forget to contact the Advice Centre if you have any queries about housing.
Neoliberalism and Islamophobia
The final event in our VP for Postgraduates’ campaign, Stand Up Against Islamophobia, is happening tonight from 6pm-8pm in the Social Sciences Building. Join us as guest speaker Ilyas Nagdee explores the Muslim identity in an era of Neoliberalism.
Have you got the Domino’s app yet? Scan the QR code to get some APP-solutely irresistible deals.
https://dompizza.co/3scEiU
What’s On
TOTUM discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email