24-25support
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Support at Warwick SU
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Here at the Students' Union, we want to support you in settling in at Warwick, and throughout your university journey.
You can get free, confidential and impartial advice on academic issues, money, housing, or health and wellbeing from the SU Advice Centre all year round. Visit
warwicksu.com/advice
to find out more.
Our
student-led campaigns
ensure that your voice is heard, and provide support with challenges that arise throughout your time at university. Whether it’s an on-campus, local, or global issue, every student has the opportunity to make a difference to life at Warwick.
The Advice Centre will have a stand outside the SU throughout Welcome Week, so please come and say Hi. We’ll also have a series of
Meet & Greet events
to make sure everybody feels supported and welcome to the Warwick community.
Don’t forget to
follow us on Instagram
and join our
Freshers’ Broadcast channel
!
SU Advice Centre
Independent from the University, the SU Advice Centre offers a free and confidential service. We provide advice, information, guidance and representation to help you resolve problems whilst studying at Warwick, from housing through to money and academic issues. Find out more here.
Community Meet & Greets
We have organised a series of community Meet & Greets during Welcome Week. There are events for Postgraduates, mature students, international students, LGBTQUA+ students, disabled students and more. See all events here and select ‘day-time’.
Freshers' Instagram Broadcast Channel
Want to chat to other new students? Join our Freshers' Instagram Broadcast channel, where you can keep up to date with SU events and activities, and connect with your fellow students!
Report and Support
Everyone at Warwick, whether studying, working, or visiting, has the right to feel safe. Our community is an environment where prejudice and socially unacceptable behaviour are never tolerated. Find out about the support available here.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email