23-24t1week3
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 3 (w/c 9th October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Anna Taylor
SU President
Autumn Elections: Results
Autumn Elections results are now available! Find out who will be representing you as SU Forum Members, Course, Department and Faculty Reps and Part-Time Student Officers.
Women & Non-Binary Self Defence Classes: Karate
Learn some karate at our self defence class this Tuesday! Find us in the Combat Room of the Sports Hub from 4-5pm. Based on a first-come, first-serve basis. Click here to book each class and search 'Women & NB self defense' to filter the classes.
Sonic this Saturday!
Dance to your favourite alternative rock anthems and Indie floor-fillers (without trekking to Snobs in Birmingham) at Sonic this Saturday! Find us in The Copper Rooms from 10pm-2am. Grab your tickets here! £6 entry.
Loud and Proud is back!
The sensational DJ Craig Law of Gaydio fame is back at The Copper Rooms this Tuesday! Get ready for some amazing queer anthems and an incredible night where we can all be Loud and Proud! £5 entry. Open from 10pm-2am.
Test Your Knowledge at our Pub Quizzes
Test your knowledge and socialise with fellow coursemates at our weekly quizzes! The Cleverducks Quiz is happening every Thursday from 8.30pm in The Dirty Duck, and the Postgraduate Pub Quiz every other Monday from 7pm in The Graduate.
Twisted Cocktails at the Terrace Bar
Have you tried our tasty Twisted cocktails at the Terrace Bar? Sip on a Southern Mule, try a Tequila Colada, or treat yourself to our various concoctions, for just £5 a cocktail! Enjoy them at our Terrace Bar events like Juicy and Glow, where you can book your tickets here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email