22-23t2week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week w/c 13th March All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
It’s finally Week 10! I’m aware that there may be a few last minute pushes to get essays in and then people will be thinking forward to April/Summer exams, but I would encourage you all to take a break where you can over Easter, after what has been a very busy term.
While it may be the end of term, there is still some big news this week:
Russell Group Student Unions (RGSU) have released their Cost of Living Survey report alongside a joint statement with the Russell Group calling for the government to increase maintenance loans in line with inflation, and more. See below to access the report, a little about RGSU and what else we are calling for the government to do.
We've got Glow Tuesday happening this week, as well as our usual weekly events. The Vice President of Sports and the Vice President of Education have also asked if you could please complete their survey below, to explore teaching happening on Wednesday afternoons.  You can also find out the SU opening times for Easter, and another important statement has been released on racist abuse on campus.
That’s it from me until Term 3, I hope you all have a lovely Easter break!
Will Brewer
SU President
Easter Vacation Opening Times
Term 2 is almost over! If you're heading home for the Easter Vacation, we hope you have a relaxing break. Find the opening times for our food and drink outlets, Reception and SU Advice Centre here.
RGSU Cost of Living Report
Russell Group Student Unions (RGSU) hold the Russell Group to account to create a student experience that reflects their world class reputation. RGSU is today launching its Cost of Living Report, alongside a joint statement with the Russell Group. Read the statement and report here.
In solidarity with Chinese students
Warwick Students' Union are aware of and alarmed about an incident that took place in Heronbank and Lakeside, which targeted our Chinese students. The SU Officer Team have released this statement.
Warwick are finalists for University Gospel Choir of the Year!
Our university choir has made it through as finalists for University Gospel Choir of the Year! Get your tickets for this epic soul-stirring showdown here.
Core Teaching on Wednesday Afternoons Survey
The Vice President for Sports and Vice President for Education are collecting data on core teaching that happens on Wednesday afternoons. This data will be used by the VP Sports and VP Education to lobby departments to keep Wednesday afternoons free from core teaching.
The Central and Eastern European Conference for Interdisciplinary Research
The Central and Eastern European Conference for Interdisciplinary Research (CEECIR) is taking place at Warwick this year! Its mission is to provide students with an opportunity to present their research about the region alongside renowned academics, practitioners, and change-makers. Find out more here.
Ice Skating Competition
The Warwick Ice Skating competition will consist of many different categories to accomodate for every skater, open to both members and non-members alike! Wednesday 15th March at Planet Ice Coventry, 1pm-4pm. Click here for tickets.
Glow is back!
The Terrace Bar proudly hosts a night for all Warwick LGBTUA+ students and their friends. Expect a night of rainbow cocktails and mocktails, colourful decor and your own choice of music! 5pm till' Late. Free entry.
We believe if you’re going to tuck into a big treat, you need to save big too. Grab £8 smalls, £10 mediums, and £12 larges at
dominos
.co.uk.
Now that’s an offer you don’t want to miss!
https://dominos.co.uk
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email