23-24t2week9
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 9 (w/c 4th March) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone,
Welcome to Week 9! I hope you're all as happy as I am to finally be seeing the sunshine - hopefully bodes well for an exciting week at WSU.
Our first item on the list today... Voting Week is finally here! Voting for our Spring Officer Elections is now
OPEN
, and will be running until 4pm on Friday. This is your chance to have your say, vote for candidates who will represent your interests and build the type of SU that you'd like to be a member of.
I had the privilege of hearing our candidates speak throughout the
Candidate Question Time
evenings last week, and I can say that their calibre and vision across the board is truly inspiring.
All manifestos are available as you vote on our website - so what are you waiting for?
VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!
And if the excitement of Spring Elections isn't enough for you - we've got some other exciting events on to break up your week!
We're starting with the Postgrad Pub Quiz which is returning to the Graduate tonight, so head on over for a fierce battle of wits and general knowledge (or just to have a break from Week 9 stress!)
On Thursday, we'll be celebrating International Women's Day by welcoming
Zarah Sultana
, MP for Coventry South, to speak about her experiences as a woman of colour and faith in politics, and give some tips and advice on how to make your voice heard.
Warwick Sport are also running a '
Women's Night In
' event over at the Sports Hub, with drop-in and bookable beginner-friendly sessions for women at Warwick, celebrating activity and wellness.
Finally, any final years who haven't filled in the
National Student Survey
yet, please consider doing so to feedback on the Warwick experience both for incoming students, and to help the institution improve. You'll also be in with the chance of winning cash prizes or vouchers!
That's all from us this week - hang in there folks, we're almost at the end of term now. And please do vote!
Anna Taylor
President
Voting is now open for the Spring Officer Elections!
It's time to Make Your Mark and vote for your next Full-Time Officers, Part-Time Officers and NUS Conference Delegates. Voting means you can also treat yourself to a free hot drink in Curiositea, free Mentos at our voting booths, and enter a prize draw to win a £50 Amazon voucher!
National Student Survey
Calling final-year students! The NSS is your opportunity to give honest feedback on your course, so we can make improvements to the Warwick student experience. All students eligible to complete the NSS will be entered into a prize draw to win cash prizes or vouchers.
Become a Student Trustee
We are looking for enthusiastic, committed, and reliable individuals to fill the role of Student Trustee and join our Board for a 2-year period from 1st August 2024. This exciting voluntary role will help you develop valuable skills, increase your employability, and represent the views of Warwick students.
Mayoral Elections: Student Manifesto Creation Event
The West Midlands Mayoral Election is happening on 2nd May, and officers from students’ unions across the region have joined together to promote student needs to candidates. We're holding an online session tonight where we’d like to hear your views. Tap here for more info.
Watch Your Candidates' Question Time
Missed the Candidate Question Times last week? Want to find out if your question was answered by candidates? You can view each livestream on RAW's YouTube channel here.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
Postgrads, it's that time again! Grab your mates and get down to The Graduate from 7pm for your Pub Quiz! Free entry.
Warwick Women's Night In
Delivered by the Active Wellbeing team, ‘Warwick Women’s Night In’ promises to be a fantastic evening. Celebrating activity and wellness, this event is open for staff and students to participate in beginner-friendly activities and connect with the University community in a relaxed and fun environment.
International Women's Day with Zarah Sultana - Inspiring Inclusion
Zarah Sultana, MP for Coventry South, is visiting Warwick SU this Thursday! She will be talking about her experiences and tips for making her voice heard, specifically as a Woman of Colour and faith in politics, alongside the International Women's Day 2024 theme of Inspiring Inclusion.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email