24-25t1week2
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 2nd October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hey there,
You made it through Week 1! I hope you all got a chance to go to POP! or to nab a succulent at the plant sale last week - but fear not, we have a host of fun planned for this week too.
First things first,
voting
is now
OPEN
for the
Autumn Elections
. It's time to choose your next
Course Reps
,
Part-Time Officers
, and
Forum Reps
for this academic year. Head over to our website to
make your voice heard!
Also, October is
Black History Month
! The national campaign's theme for this year is
Reclaim the Narrative
- find out what's on below :)
The
University
is also launching
Climate literacy training
(which counts for your
Warwick Award
), as well as hosting a
roadshow
in our
Atrium
building this week, consulting you on their
new brand
! While you're there, make sure to drop by the
Food Station
, where we've got
brand new burrito bowls
&
toasted sandwiches
ready for you.
I wake up and it's (already) October! The loss is yours if you've not bought your
Skool Dayz
ticket for
this Saturday
or checked out our
Party Bus
to Players (a very cool karaoke place) in Coventry on
Friday
.
Lastly, the start of term can be a really
stressful time for everyone
. I know how tough it can get, juggling lectures, socials, sports, and getting used to Uni life. Our
Advice Centre
is here for you throughout the year, so please
reach out if you need anything
:)
See you all next week!
Enaya Nihal
SU President
Make Your Mark in your Autumn Elections!
Voting is now open for the Autumn Elections! Make Your Mark and vote for who you want to represent your views at the SU. Voting closes at 12pm on Friday 11th October.
Black History Month: Reclaim the Narrative
October is Black History Month, with the theme being Reclaim the Narrative. Watch this space to see what events the SU has to celebrate, and click here find out more about Black History month.
Explore Warwick’s proposed brand concepts
The Brand Evolution Project Roadshow is live! Share your views on the proposed concepts and help shape Warwick's identity. Join us online and at key campus locations until 13th October.
SU Advice Centre: We're here to help
Our Advice Centre is a free, professional, independent, and confidential service. We aim to provide you with high quality advice, information, and representation. If you're seeking support, get in touch here, and one of our trusted advisors will be in touch as soon as they can.
Party Bus to Coventry
The Party Bus now takes you to Players Entertainment in Coventry! For just £5, your ticket gets you: Transport to/from Players, Free VK/J2) from Terrace Bar AND a free fishbowl in Players! Don't miss out and secure your place before they sell out!
Skool Dayz
It's the first Skool Dayz of the term! Dance the night away to 00s and 10s pop bangers, hip hop hits, electronic dance classics and more! Grab your tickets here.
Climate Literacy Training
The university are pleased to announce the launch of Climate Literacy Training! This training will provide a fundamental awareness of how our way of living is having an impact on the planet, and how we can make a difference by reducing those impacts. Find out more here.
Warm yourself up at The Food Station
Feeling a little chilly on campus? Warm yourself up with our new Toasted Sandwiches from £4.50, or Burrito Bowls from £5! Open Monday-Friday from 11am-3pm.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email