25-26t2week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 7
W/C 23rd February
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
Thank you to everyone who’s already filled in the off-campus first year survey. I really appreciate it.
If you’re a first-year undergraduate placed off campus and haven’t done it yet, please take the two minutes to complete it.
The more responses we have, the stronger I can push to improve your experience now and make sure future students are treated better. It honestly helps me fight your corner properly. You can find the form
here
.
This week, the big one is National Liberation Conference tickets are dropping on Tuesday 24th February. LibCon spaces matter, they shape campaigns, policy and representation nationally. Please don’t miss it.
There’s also a tote-bag making event in Copper Rooms from 10am to 4pm on Tuesday to mark the drop, so come by and get involved.
Varsity is also this weekend on Friday 27th and Saturday 28th February, with the After Party in Copper Rooms on Saturday night. Get behind our teams and show up!
Have a look below for the rest of what’s happening.
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Varsity this weekend!
Our annual showdown with Coventry is back with a two-day action packed spectacular! It's the battle of the basketballs in our Friday night showcase, and a full day of exciting sports for Saturday! Check out the fixtures here.
Learn More
Grab your Varsity After Party tickets!
You don't want to miss the night that wraps up the biggest sports week of the year! Think pop anthems, throwback bangers, guilty pleasures, and a dancefloor that doesn’t calm down. Grab your tickets for only £5 now!
Learn More
National Liberation Conference Ticket Drop TUESDAY!
If you’re a budding campus organiser or campaigner invested in Liberation, join us for two days of workshops and sessions full of unique perspectives on how to forge solidarities through successful campaigns, while conspiring and sharing space with likeminded students from across the nation!
Learn More
Tote-bag making session
Join us in Copper Rooms 2 this Tuesday from 10am-4pm to celebrate the National Liberation Conference ticket drop! We'll be designing tote-bags using unique Liberation related stencils. All materials will be provided and is completely free! Drop-in whenever you get a chance to take home a personalised tote-bag!
Learn More
Coming soon: Friday Night Lights
Get ready for an action-packed Friday of university rugby, as we host an unmissable RFU double header! Expect fast-paced action, fierce rivalries, and an electric matchday atmosphere as Warwick’s top men’s and women’s sides take on strong opposition. Friday 6th March at Butts Park Arena. Tickets only £4!
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL