24-25t2week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 8 (w/c 24th February) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello, everyone!
Here comes the sun (hopefully) to thaw us after a brutal winter ☀️
Crazy to think it's already Spring Officer Election season!! Voting
starts ON MONDAY 😳 Check out the (really exciting) Candidate List on our website- one of them will be writing these emails in the Autumn!
Wanna grill 'em and know why they're running to represent you? Join us at Question Time (hustings) on Wednesday (Part Time Officers) and Friday (Full Time Officers) evening in the SUHQ 🤠
This is your
LAST CHANCE
(
until 12pm on Friday!!) as an International Student to contribute to a nationwide consultation we're doing with the Russell Group SUs and UKCISA
here.
I know I'm definitely looking forward to the weekend- but what could beat Warwick Drag Race last Friday? Well, Varsity could put up a fight 🏅 Hype up Team Warwick & our incredible clubs all day on Saturday 🔴🔵
P.S. For those of you attending the Anti-Racist demonstration in Nuneaton this weekend, make sure to stay in groups and stay safe. There will also be free coaches to Nuneaton for this. I'll see you there 🩷
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Your Spring Officer Elections Candidates are here!
The Provisional Candidate List has been revealed! Find out who's running to be your next Part-Time and Full-Time Officers for 2025/26.
Question Time: Part-Time Officer Candidates
This is your opportunity to find out more about your candidates! The first Question Time round is with the potential Part-Time Officers! Come to Kevin Gately this Wednesday from 5-7pm, or watch live through RAW's YouTube channel.
Question Time: Full-Time Officer Candidates
Your final Question Time round is with the Full-Time Officer candidates! You'll be able to hear from them and find out what they want to do to improve your University experience. Come to Kevin Gately this Friday from 5-7pm, or watch live through RAW's YouTube channel.
Varsity this Saturday!
Our annual battle with Coventry is nearly here! Join us this Saturday for an amazing day filled with exciting fixtures, performances, and our (hopeful) 35th consecutive victory! Find all the fixtures here.
Skool Dayz
Our retro party night is back this Saturday! Dance the night away to 00s and 10s pop bangers, hip hop hits, electronic dance classics and more. Grab your tickets before they sell out!
Let's celebrate International Women's Day!
Brought to you by your Women's Officer Gursimar Kaur, in celebration of International Women's Day on Saturday 8th March, get ready for a week full of inspiration and empowerment featuring incredible speakers! Learn more about our upcoming events here.
Final-year students, this one's for you!
The National Student Survey (NSS) is your opportunity to give honest feedback on your course, so we can make improvements to the Warwick student experience. All students eligible to complete the NSS will be entered into a prize draw to win cash prizes or vouchers!
International students: Make your voice heard!
International students; you still have time to make your voice heard through the RGSU survey! Help us create recommendations to improve the student experience for international students like YOU. Plus there are 20 x £50 vouchers up for grabs! Find out more here.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: Welfare Officer Survey
We're looking to develop comprehensive training for Welfare Officers for the next academic year. It would be really helpful if we could hear about your experiences as a Welfare Officer, what is working well for you, and what more support you would like to have or see in the future.
Tell Curio your coffee shop habits!
Curiositea want to find out your coffee habits! It's open for anyone that uses coffee shops on campus, and the information gained from this survey will be completely anonymous.
Warwick Sustainability: Becoming Circular Workshops
Calling all university students ready to rethink the way we live, consume, and innovate! Becoming Circular is a dynamic four-part workshop series designed to inspire and empower you to challenge current systems and shape a more sustainable, circular economy.
Academic Integrity Celebration Month
We're nearing the end of Academic Integrity Celebration Month. There's various events being still being held with our Advice Centre, along with a creative competition you can get involved with. Find out more here.
Book your spot in the Let's Make Pride Together event this week
Calling LGBTQ+ students and staff: Do you want to help shape the future of Pride on campus? Join us on Weds 26th Feb at 12pm-1.30pm, FAB2.31 for your chance to share your opinions, talk about what Pride means, and give your ideas and suggestions. Find the booking link here.
Get Your Tickets for National Student Pride
The UK's largest LGBTQ+ student event is happening this weekend! Returning to celebrate its 20th anniversary, get ready for a weekend of iconic performances, on-stage celebrity interviews and an unmissable LGBTQ+ careers fair at the University of Westminster, Marylebone Campus. Grab your tickets here!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email