23-24t3week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 22nd April) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Welcome back to Term 3!
First up, it's election season both at Warwick SU and beyond...
If you live in the West Midlands (check your postcode if you're unsure) and are registered to vote, mark your calendars: the
West Midlands Mayoral Elections
are rapidly approaching!
SUs across the West Midlands have collaborated to run a
Hustings between candidates at Aston University
this Wednesday. Tickets for Warwick students are FREE so grab yours now. The elections are 2
nd
May, so don't forget to vote!
If you're wanting elections closer to home though, never fear - nominations for our
Summer Elections
are opening on Monday Week 2.
We're electing Faculty Reps (for Arts, Social Sciences or SEM), Forums Reps (spanning from Societies and Sports, to Sustainability, PG and more!), or even being employed as our Full-Time VP for Postgraduates for 24/25. If you're interested, prep your manifestos and don't forget to nominate!
In the events space,
Term 3 Tickets are now available
for all of your favourites! For those of you wanting to attend Sports Ball,
tickets drop at 12pm this Tuesday
so make sure you get in quick and secure your space.
Campaigns-wise, the
Sportswear For All Fund
is back this term - if you'd like to apply make sure you do so by the 3
rd
May. Otherwise, why not come along to our (Free) Breakfast Club which will be returning to the Green Room on Tuesday and Thursday mornings.
Otherwise, as we head into peak exam season, please do remember to take care of your health and wellbeing - Term 3 can be a lot to process at once. There's all sorts coming up to help with this, though!
Chemistry have just established a new
Community Fridge
to help combat food waste, or you can come and check out our Fruit and Veg stall in the atrium on Thursdays.
If you want to get away from your studying for a bit,
Warwick Sport are offering 3-month memberships
for anyone wanting to destress through exercise - or you can view the
Warwick Presents
events timetable to see what's happening elsewhere across the uni.
Good luck with any upcoming exams and deadlines – you've got this!
Anna Taylor
President
Term 3 Tickets on Sale
Term 3 tickets are on sale! Secure your places for Loud and Proud, Skool Dayz, and of course POP! You can also grab yourself a POP! pass for guaranteed entry to your favourite Wednesday night of mayhem!
Sports Ball Tickets on Sale
Sports Ball is back at our favourite venue, the Hilton Metropole at the NEC! Get ready to celebrate your wonderful year of sport at Warwick on Friday 21st June! Tickets on sale at 12pm Tuesday 23rd April. In partnership with Vita Sports.
Mayoral Elections: Candidate Hustings Event
Join us on Wednesday 24th April from 3-5pm, for our Candidate Hustings Event at Aston University Students' Union! Don't miss this chance to engage with the candidates and make an informed decision in the upcoming Mayoral Elections. Secure your place here.
The (Free) Breakfast Club
The (Free) Breakfast Club returns for Term 3! Join us in The Green Room from 8:30am on Tuesdays and Thursdays from Weeks 1-4, and just Tuesdays from Weeks 5-10.
Fresh & Juicy: Your Fruit & Veg Stall!
We're happy to announce that Fresh & Juicy are coming back for Term 3, and they'll be visiting twice a week from the 29th April! Grab your favourite fruit and veggies from the SU Atrium every Monday & Thursday (except on Monday Bank Holidays).
Sportswear For All Fund
The Sportswear For All Fund has re-opened! This fund will provide financial assistance to support individuals and clubs who want to purchase any sportswear or equipment that would benefit their welfare and allow them to feel comfortable participating in sport. Closes Friday 3rd May. Find out more here.
Summer Elections Nominations
Nominations for our Summer Elections open next Monday at 9am! Get ready to make your mark and vote for your Course Reps, Faculty Reps, Forum Members and your next VP Postgraduates! Click here to find out more.
Get Moving Today with Warwick Sport
Relieve exam pressures and make time for you by getting active at the Sports and Wellness Hub! Stay healthy with a three-month student membership, where you can get fit and make friends through 50 hours of free social sport sessions every week. Get moving and find out more here.
Warwick Presents
Warwick Presents is the portal for all student events at Warwick! Click here and experience more from your university. You can also add your own student events!
Community Fridge
The Department of Chemistry and Warwick Food and Drink have developed the Community Fridge, to reduce food waste and ensure food security within the university community. The fridge opens at 5pm every weekday, and is open to students and staff on a first-come, first-serve basis. Click here for more info.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email