warwickaccomodationproof
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU Week 5 All Member Email
View Online version
Your Union
Events
Societies & Sports
Help & Support
Hi postgrads,
This week sees the return of the
All Student Vote
, where you get to have your say on the various issues submitted by your fellow students. Successful motions will become official SU policy for us to campaign on, so make sure you take a few moments to vote online once polls open at 9am on Tuesday!
Don’t forget that you can also read the motions on our website and debate them in person at the
ASV Meeting
, which takes place tonight from 5pm in the SU Atrium.
*Important information*
MDMA pills are being circulated in Leamington and Coventry which are making people seriously ill. Please see here for further details.
Alice Churm
Warwick SU Postgraduate Officer
Contract consultation
In collaboration with UCU and the SU, the University invites postgraduate students who teach to attend informative sessions in order to discuss the proposed changes from hourly-paid contracts to employment contracts.
All Student Vote
Voting opens in this term’s All Student Vote at 9am Tuesday and closes at Noon on Friday. Read the motions online, have your say at the Meeting in the Atrium tonight from 5pm and don’t forget to vote!
Teaching Excellence award
Is someone you know at Warwick making a difference in the area of teaching and learning? If so, nominations are now open in the 2020 WATE Awards!
LGBTUA+ History Month
Celebrate diversity, commemorate the struggles of the past and look to the future – view the full programme of events for LGBTUA+ History Month on the SU website.
TOTUM DISCOUNTS
DIRTY DUCK OFFERS
This week's Curiositea Specials
SU Events
Worried about finding your next home?
Warwick Accommodation has properties available in Leamington and Coventry with no booking fees, deposits or guarantors. Whether you’re struggling to find a suitable house off campus or you’re unsure how to find a group to live with, Warwick Accommodation can help. Come along to Cryfield Village Hall on Wednesday 12th February between 1-3pm to talk to us about our off campus properties.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us