24-25t3week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 1 (w/c 21st April) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Welcome back, folks! Just slightly early, we know term starts on Wednesday!
Some good news: Only 10 more weeks to go until you’re done with this year (or this degree!). Some bad news: You’ve gotta get through those essays and exams first… well, at least you’ve got Basic Being Basic to welcome you back to the grind! ☀️🦋
Speaking of exams, we’re launching a lil' ‘
(Free) Cuppa Tea with the PVC’
☕️ hour at Curiositea for you to yap with our Pro Vice-Chancellor for Education, Lorenzo, about your academic experience- catch him in the next couple weeks! Keep an eye out on our socials 👀
To my fellow Leam-dwellers, beware: the A46 closure will likely last well into next week, so make sure to leave the house AT LEAST 30 minutes
before
you usually would. Those Kenilworth detours are no joke. ⏳
Onto exciting events,
Union Awards
are coming soon! Make sure to nominate your society and exceptional members by the
27
th
of April
. The
Sportswear For All Fund
will also close on the
30
th
of April
, so grab your kit now!! 🥇
Something we’ve been working on behind-the-scenes is the
Ideas Platform
: a new (and much easier) way for you to
lead your Union
💡
Instead of your only option being a motion to Student Council or ASV, we’ve brought in a couple other ways of publishing your ideas and policy recommendations that will lead to
direct action
, whilst keeping the motions process open for
big policy changes!
Hope you had a swell time in the sun these past couple weeks, especially if you got to read Sunrise On The Reaping (!!!) 🪻🌄
See ya in a few for some VERY exciting events next week! 🪩
Your SU President,
(oh, yeah, we should find out who’s next by week 4 – I haven’t started my handover yet so less of a problem for me at the moment icl)
Enaya Nihal
Last chance to nominate in the Union Awards!
Nominations for Union Awards close at 12pm this Sunday! If you know someone who deserves special recognition for all of their hard work, don't forget to put their name in for our prestigious awards!
Sportswear For All Fund
The Sportswear For All Fund is open until 30th of April! You could claim up to £50 for yourself or up to £200 for a sports club on essential items that would benefit your welfare playing your favourite sports. Apply here!
Grab your Term 3 tickets here!
Say hello to Term 3, and grab your tickets for the best nights on campus here! Disco Dave has missed you all in the Copper Rooms for POP!
The (Free) Breakfast Club
The (Free) Breakfast Club returns to the Green Room on Tuesday 29th April at 8:30am! You'll be able to help yourself to a variety of hot and cold breakfast options, alongside a hot drink. Gluten free and vegan options will also be available, including Oatly milk!
Get ready for LibCon 2025!
Liberation Conference returns next week for 2025! You're invited to a collaborative set of various workshops, panels and discussions, led by the Decolonise Collective. Check out the agenda here.
Coming Soon: An Evening With Lunaire
We're hosting a Q&A on Wednesday 30th April with Alexandra Morris! She is the Founder of Lunaire, a health coaching service and movement devoted to supporting women navigating gynaecological conditions like Endometriosis and PCOS. Sign up for free here!
Tantalising Offers at The Food Station!
The Food Station has some delicious deals waiting for you! Tasty toasted sandwiches for just £4.50, with a meal deal for £6, with beautiful baked potatoes and burrito bowls for a fiver, or a £6.50 meal deal!
Ideas Platform
Want to make changes at Warwick? Say hello to the Ideas Platform! Whether you want to make changes to the SU, University or local community, the Ideas Platform is the place to submit your thoughts. They could lead to new campaigns, events or changes to Union Policy!
Warwick Sustainability: Bioblitz (City Nature Challenge)
Join Warwick Sustainability on Monday 28th April for the Annual City Nature Challenge, for a fun and relaxing 1 hour in the fresh air to learn how you can record wildlife anywhere you go, and help us uncover the diverse plant and animal life we have on campus. Join here!
Warwick Sustainability: Warwick Green Rewards
Green Rewards is an online web platform and app where you log your sustainable actions (active travel, recycling, and sustainable shopping) and earn Green Points as a result. You could also win vouchers to spend in various outlets! Sign up today here
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email