24-25virtualgoodiebag
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU Virtual Goodie Bag
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Welcome Week is less than a week away, and we're so excited to see you on campus!
We’re kicking off next week with our
Welcome Fair
, which is split across 2 days and 2 locations:
Monday 23
rd
September in the SU's Atrium Building
Tuesday 24
th
September in the Sports & Wellness Hub
The event will run 11am – 4pm on both days, so come along and bag yourself some great deals with our student-friendly partners. You can enter plenty of exciting competitions, grab some student vouchers and pick up some sweet freebies!
Also, the Students’ Union team will be outside SUHQ (opposite Warwick Arts Centre) throughout the week to welcome you to campus. We’ll have SU merch for everybody, and some fun games to keep you entertained!
Don’t forget to
follow us on Instagram
and join our
Freshers’ Broadcast channel
to keep up to date.
Check out fantastic offers from some of our partners below!
Domino's Pizza
Calling all Students! Congratulations on starting your journey, to celebrate the beginning of this exciting chapter, get 50% OFF pizza with no minimum spend when you order on the app! Save yourself some serious dough and use code: STUDY50% at checkout.
Your Arts Centre
Warwick Arts Centre is at the centre of campus and hosts all the biggest names on our stages and in our cinema screens and gallery. With free activities and events to see and to join in, great discounts for students and volunteering opportunities.
Party Bus to Birmingham
Join us every Friday for the best and biggest weekly events in the West Midlands. Hop in our completely transformed party buses, joining hundreds of people from Coventry, Warwick, and Leamington for the craziest night out in Birmingham.
Glamorous Coventry
Welcome to Glamorous Coventry, a vibrant LGBTQ+ venue open 7 days a week until 6am! Join us for an inclusive atmosphere with fantastic nights. Students, don’t miss out on a 20% discount on drinks by visiting our page. Join us for a night of unforgettable fun!
National Express Coventry
Get unlimited bus travel on all National Express Coventry buses from £41 per month or £163 for a 1 term pass. You can use your ticket at any time including evenings, weekends & holidays!
Stagecoach
Make FOMO a thing of the past. With a Stagecoach UniRider pass you can have it all…for less! Travel as much as you like, as often as you like, whenever you like from as little as £1.48 a day*. Buy on the Stagecoach App now!
Warwick Sports
Start your fitness and wellbeing journey at the Sports and Wellness Hub today. Enjoy huge student discounts on annual memberships, with no joining fee. Explore big savings on 2 and 3-year memberships too! Purchase by 1st October for a chance to win amazing prizes!
Warwick-Esports X Redbull
Head over to the Piazza at Central Campus on the 26th and 27th September to meet Red Bull UK and Warwick Esports Centre at the Red Bull Gaming Sphere! Giving you wings and welcoming you to the University of Warwick in style.
Grab your £10 IKEA coupon!
Whether you're moving into halls or sprucing up your student digs, this is your chance to grab all the essentials you need to create a cosy, organized, and stylish space. Verify yourself as a Warwick Student to get a £10 off spend in store coupon!
Save up to 30% with PureGym!
At PureGym, you can enjoy flexible memberships, unlimited classes and 24/7 access, but it's not just the stuff you'd expect from a gym, it's the extra value too. Think new friends, way more you time, friendly teams and more top-of-the-range equipment than you can shake a kettlebell at.
Get fit with a Lifestyles membership!
Enjoy all-inclusive access to our 4 city wide centres (Including The Wave, Xcel Leisure Centre, Alan Higgs & Centre AT7) with 4 pools (including a 50m pool!) state-of-the-art gym, luxury health suites, 150+ exercise classes and much MORE available. Join now so you can reap all the benefits!
Final Fridays X Wellness
Kick off freshers with an evening of wellbeing! Be the first to experience Mercurial Dance’s EmbodyXR, a revolutionary VR game aimed at reducing anxiety. Order a drink from the bar, participate in mindful crafts, and scratch the itch for retail therapy with our “Swap Shop”.
SEO London
SEO London is a UK-registered charity providing educational, training, and mentoring support to students and young professionals from low socio-economic and ethnic minority backgrounds. Our programmes promote career access and long-term success in industries like investment banking, asset management, consulting, real estate, technology, insurance, and law.
The Finery Barbers
Join us for Welcome Week fun with cake and giveaways! Visit us in the Atrium on Monday for a chance to win products and discounts from our in-store raffle. We offer student discounts every Tuesday to Thursday and a range of treatments from facials to fades!
Fresh & Juicy
Discover Fresh & Juicy, your go-to for delicious fresh fruits and vegetables at prices that won’t break the bank on campus. Whether you're new or returning, come and say hello! Join us every Monday and Thursday from 9-5pm in The Atrium.
Food & Drink at Warwick SU
Want to grab a bite to eat whilst browsing the Welcome Fair? Visit our fantastic SU outlets! Curiositea, our tea shop, is situated in the Atrium on the ground floor; The Food Station is on the first floor; and The Dirty Duck is accessible from the Atrium elevator.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email