22-23-welcome-week-welcome-fair-freshers
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU Welcome Fair 2022
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Welcome Week is less than a week away, and we are so excited to say hello to our new students!
We’re kicking off next week with our Welcome Fair, on Monday 26
th
and Tuesday 27
th
September from 11am – 4pm, held in
Warwick SU’s Atrium building
.
Come along to meet our student-friendly partners and bag yourself some freebies, from Domino’s pizza, to pick ‘n’ mix, stationery, coffee cups, vouchers and more! You can enter plenty of exciting competitions, sign up to receive job opportunities and even get yourself a bus pass.
The Warwick SU team will be there to greet you, and we have some fantastic prizes to give away at our stand competitions! With plenty on offer, you won’t want to miss out.
Don’t forget to
follow us on Instagram
and
join our Freshers’ Facebook group
to keep up to date.
Check out fantastic offers from some of our partners below:
Warwick Arts Centre
We can't wait to welcome you to our state-of-the-art cinemas, gallery, theatre, and concert hall. Plus, as a student, cinema tickets are only £5 when you join our Under 26 Film Club for just £10 per year. Find out more about joining the club!
Cannon Park Shopping Centre
Book secure Season Parking for your car from £3/day at Cannon Park Shopping Centre, your handy one stop shop for everyday shopping. You can now book monthly, quarterly and annual season tickets to save money on your parking during term-time!
Western Computer
Your perfect study partner. Students save 15% on any MacBook at Western Computer. Available in-store or online with a valid student ID or letter. For a limited time only. Learn more here!
London Review of Books
Get a student subscription to the LRB for just £3.49 a month. Whether you’re studying literature, politics, history or art, the LRB is required reading for any student. Subscribe now and access over 17,000 articles in our archive.
Kasbah Nightclub
Coventry’s largest student nightclub consisting of 3 rooms, 2 floors and a huge beer garden. Weekly themed club nights, celebrity guest appearances, international DJs, drinks from £1.50! Let’s face it… it’s the main reason you came to Warwick!
Stagecoach
Get to University with Stagecoach. Just £110 a term (with a 3 term UniRider) or £125 with an Autumn term UniRider. Buses run up to every 7-8 minutes from Leamington. More info here!
Domino's
We think you deserve something special, and we hope a great deal will do the trick! How about 50% off pizza when you spend £30? All you need to do is use the code STUDY£30 at checkout. You're welcome!
7bone
7bone burger co. servin’ up dirty burgers, filthy sides, thick ‘shakes + feel good vibes… swing by 10a Hay Lane for locally sourced meat + buns, in-house sauces, free range halal chicken + a full meat-free menu!
Want to grab a bite to eat whilst browsing the Welcome Fair? Visit our fantastic SU outlets! Curiositea, our tea shop, is situated in the Atrium on the ground floor. The Bread Oven is on the first floor, and The Dirty Duck is accessible from the Atrium lift. After grabbing your freebies and offers at the Fair, why not pop into The Terrace Bar, open from 5pm till late.
https://www.warwicksu.com/venues-events/eating-drinking/
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us