22-23t3week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 4 w/c 15th May All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
It’s actually a short email today! Certainly made my life easier writing the intro, so hopefully it’s a quicker read for all of you.
The main event this week is our third and final All Student Vote (ASV) of the academic year. It is a great chance to express students’ views to the University on some very key issues, including cost of living support, PGR pay, MBChB student parking and the scientific research the University is conducting.
Please also take a look at some of the Pressure Drop activities on this week, and see the reminders about the various nominations mentioned next week.
Only 6 more emails from me until I’m gone, don’t worry you’ve almost made it through! As always I hope you have a good week and that any exams go well.
Will Brewer
SU President
All Student Vote
Make your mark by voting in the ASV! It’s your chance to vote on the ideas and motions your fellow students have submitted. Voting closes at 12pm Noon on Friday 19th May.
Summer Officer Elections
Fancy being an SU Forum Member, a Course Rep or a Faculty Rep? You have until 12pm Noon on Friday 19th May to nominate yourself and Make Your Mark at the SU!
Pressure Drop: Yoga Session
Relax in Kevin Gately on Tuesday 16th May, we're hosting a Yoga session! Leave your stresses and soothe your senses, completely free of charge. 1pm-2pm.
Pressure Drop: 80s/90s Aerobics
Join us in Copper Rooms 1 on Thursday 18th May for an 80/90s Aerobics session. Relieve some tension from your studies and have fun for an hour, all for free! 12pm-1pm.
Extended Study Sessions at Curiositea
Every Wednesday in Weeks 4-6, you can cosy up in Curiositea for some extra revision. We'll provide you with study materials, and you can enjoy one free hot drink! Grab your notes, bring your friends, and study without the stress. 6pm-8pm.
Union Awards
The Union Awards are a chance to celebrate those students who help make Warwick SU such an exciting place to frequent, socialise, volunteer and work. Check out the different categories and nominate here.
Prices from £104 per week.
All your bills are included in your rent, a short walk to the university & the city centre, plus the choice of shared apartments or your own studio room. Love what you see? Visit our website and book now!
BOOK NOW
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email