23-24t3week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 7 (w/c 3rd June) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Bonjour, bonjour - it's Week 7!
Please see below an
update
on some of the demonstrations that have been taking place recently on campus, and reminders of where all students can access support.
Many of you will be aware that earlier last week the Prime Minister announced a
General Election
will be taking place on 4
th
July. It is so important that students vote!
All Home students over the age of 18 and some International students are able to vote in the GE, and you generally have the choice of voting here at Warwick or at your parents' residence (if this is in the UK).
There's a real risk that the timing of this election will exclude many students who are moving home/finishing term, busy with work or internships, or generally in a period of transition.
Let's make sure that doesn't happen!
Register to vote
ASAP (deadline 18
th
June, or 19
th
June for postal votes) and make sure that you have plan for how and where you're voting.
November may seem a while away, but if you'd like to raise funds and awareness of men's health issues (or you're just a big moustache enthusiast) then Movember are recruiting for
Student Ambassadors
for the 24/5 academic year. Warwick's ambassadors last year raised an amazing £38,512, so the challenge is on!
In
Union Awards
news, the shortlists are now live! Head on over to the website to see whether your nomination for the Societies, Sports or Student Voice & Impact Awards is still in the running...
We have a few exciting events on the horizon! PG Pub Quiz returns to The Graduate tonight, followed by the
Trans Activism and Inclusion Conference
later this week, and finishing with the
Warwick Student Arts Festival
over the weekend.
Finally, we're thinking all things sustainability this week. The Sustainability team at the university are running a
Donation Drive
for all of those bits and pieces you might want to get rid of as you move out.
If you want to go one step further, gather your friends to sign up to the
Sustainability Challenge
and develop a project to help collaborate around sustainable initiatives.
That's all from us! Enjoy the (slightly) sunnier weather, and for those of you still deep in exam mode: best of luck, you've got this!
Anna Taylor
President
Demonstrations on Campus
The SU has some information to share in regard to the demonstrations on campus. You can read the full update here.
General Election
A General Election has been called to take place on Thursday 4th July. Click here to find out how you can prepare for it. Students help make up 10% of the voting population, so your vote matters!
Union Awards Shortlist
The shortlist for Union Awards has been revealed! Thank you to everyone who took the time to nominate in the Societies and Student Voice & Impact Awards, and congratulations to the wonderful people who've been nominated! The winners will be announced at the Union Awards on Tuesday 11th June.
Sports Awards Shortlist
The Sports Awards shortlist is here! Many thanks to everyone who took the time to nominate for this year's Sports Awards, and a massive congratulations to everyone shortlisted. The winners will be announced at this year's Sports Ball on Friday 21st June.
Trans Activism & Inclusion Conference
On Wednesday 5th June and Thursday 6th June, we'll be hosting the Trans Activism & Inclusion Conference in Radcliffe (Warwick Conference). Everyone who's signed up will receive a full agenda and other required information via email. We can't wait to see you there!
Warwick Student Arts Festival
Warwick Student Arts Festival (WSAF) is a 3 day showcase and celebration of all aspects of the arts at Warwick. From Saturday 8th June - Monday 10th June, you can enjoy a variety of events including theatre, dance, music, film and more! View the full schedule here.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
Postgrads! Take a break from your stressful exams and head to The Graduate tonight from 7pm for a fun-filled pub quiz, just for you!
Do YOU want to be the next Big Mo on Campus?
There's an exciting opportunity on offer from our friends over at Movember, the leading men’s health charity, the one with the moustaches. They're looking for new Student Ambassadors for 2024 to lead a Movember campaign at Warwick! Click here if you're interested in applying.
Donation Drive
The Donation Drive is here! You can easily donate unwanted items to local charities during the final weeks of term by using the Donation Stations across campus. Find out more about the accepted times and your nearest Donation Station here.
Warwick Sustainability Challenge
This June, the university will be hosting a Sustainability Challenge with their partners from Coventry Council, and you can get involved! You can find out more and register your interest here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email