24-25t1week6
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 6 (w/c 4th November)
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Good afternoon, everyone!
Especially to those of you on campus during reading week – we’re in this together! And to everyone who’s gone home over the week, make sure to squeeze in some reading and revision before assessment season starts…
I’ve written a
full update
on our
Demilitarisation Campaign
and
related motions
that passed last year, which led to the
University’s current Ethical Assurance Review
regarding their
investment and research policies
. Find out what you said, and what we did below. If you’d like to get involved with our efforts to demilitarise and divest at Warwick, be sure to reach out.
The
Student Feedback Survey
is also live now! Make sure to fill it out soon, so we can l
obby for more change
on your behalf.
On another note, November’s flush with a series of exciting events to mark
Movember
and
Islamophobia Awareness Month
. Find out more about the upcoming events below!
Have a great (resting) reading week! Wake me up when the bell rings…
See you next week,
Enaya Nihal
Your President at Warwick SU
Movember
The SU and Warwick Sport are proud to be supporting Movember, to raise awareness of the physical and mental health challenges that men can face throughout their lives. Find out how you can get involved here, and find out when OddBalls will be visiting campus this month!
Student Feedback Survey
The University and Students' Union are looking to find out more about your student experience this term, so that we can work together to keep improving it. Complete our joint survey to be in with a chance of winning £100 worth of shopping vouchers!
Demilitarisation Campaign & Passed Motions Update
Enaya has written an update for you all regarding the Demilitarisation Campaign and a follow up to the motions passed through previous All Student Votes. Read them here.
Housing Day Next Wednesday
Making the right accommodation choice can be the difference between a good year and a disastrous one! Housing Day 2024 is your opportunity to understand how to rent properties as a student and make good accommodation choices. Find out more about Housing Day here.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: Understanding Wellbeing - A Module for all Warwick Students
The IATL 'Understanding Wellbeing' module can help you develop a greater understanding of your wellbeing at university, and it also contributes to the Warwick Award and is officially recognised on your HEAR! Check out further details and how to sign up here!
End Period Poverty Updates & Ambassadors Needed
Our End Period Poverty campaign has grown from strength to strength, being led by your President Enaya last year, and now led by your VP Welfare & Campaigns, Naomi. You can catch up on their progress here, and email: naomi.carter@warwicksu.com if you're interested in becoming an EPP Ambassador.
Warwick Green Rewards
The University have launched a brand new app & web platform: Warwick Green Rewards! This platform will reward sustainable behaviours with points, with the chance to win prizes! Find out more about the platform here.
Warwick Presents: The Global Light Procession
Are you ready to light up the night and celebrate the vibrant cultures that make our campus a global community? We’re calling all students to take part in the Global Light Procession next Wednesday! Find out how you can light up the night here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email