23-24t3week3
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 3 (w/c 6th May) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi all,
Welcome to Week 3! In what is quite a packed week, especially for those of you with exams either today or coming up, make sure you have a quick check through what's going on this week to destress from your work and keep busy.
First off, our sweet, sweet, democracy updates: nominations for our
Summer Elections
close on Friday (so make sure you put yourself forward if you're planning to run!), and our
All Student Vote
opens on Tuesday next week.
There's heaps happening in our campaigns space:
Liberation Conference
is coming up next week, so keep an eye out for details if you're interested. Also sign-ups are now open for the
Trans Activism and Inclusion Conference
which will be held in June, led by our wonderful Trans Students' Officer, Dorian - so book your spaces now!
If you'd like a break from your revising, why not come and de-stress with us at one of our
Pressure Drop x DeStresstival
events we're running with the Active Wellbeing team. We'll be in the Atrium from midday on Tuesday for the Spring Celebration Fair, and we'll be
painting colourful rocks
in Kevin Gately on Friday. Don't forget to book your place for Friday!
On Wednesday, Warwick Medical School's haematology society will be hosting the NHS blood and transplant team in the FAB for a 'What's Your Blood Type?' event . Drop in between 10:45am - 3:30pm to find out your blood type and a bit more about the work that they do.
If you haven't already secured your
Sports Ball tickets
, we only have a few left. Make sure you grab yours now!
Finally, we're back again with a few cult classics: Postgrad Pub Quiz is back in the Graduate, but on TUESDAY this time because of the Bank Holiday, followed by
Loud and Proud
in the Copper Rooms from 10pm.
Good luck with W3, and we hope to see you at a few bits this week if you want to come along. Remember to drink lots of water, get enough sleep (or at least ration your all-nighters, please ??) and have a good week!
Anna Taylor
President
Nominations Close this Friday!
Nominations for your Summer Elections close this Friday at 12pm! Make your mark and nominate yourself or your course mates to be Course Reps, Faculty Reps, Forum Members and your next VP Postgraduates.
Pressure Drop x DeStresstival: Spring Celebration Fair
As part of our Pressure Drop campaign, in collaboration with the Active Wellbeing Team cross-campus DeStresstival, join us in The Atrium on Tuesday 7th May from 12pm to kickstart the festival with a Spring Celebration Fair! Find out more here.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
Postgrads! Due to Bank Holiday Monday, your Pub Quiz is back at The Graduate on Tuesday 7th May from 7pm. You've got an extra day to think of a funny team name!
Loud and Proud
Are you ready for another fabulous night with Gaydio DJ Craig Law, dancing the night away to incredible queer anthems? Loud and Proud is back this Tuesday in The Copper Rooms! Starting from 10pm. £5 entry. Click here to buy your ticket.
Pressure Drop x DeStresstival: Positiv-rock-ity
Come along to Kevin Gately this Friday to paint your own positive message on a rock! Crafting can boost your mood and reduce stress while getting creative and meeting new people. Booking is essential, and you have 2 slots to choose from! Find out more and secure your place here.
All Student Vote Opens Next Tuesday
The final ASV of the academic year is just around the corner! Want to know how you can get involved other than voting? Click here to find out more.
Sign Up for our Trans Activism and Inclusion Conference
Sign up for our Trans Activism and Inclusion Conference this June, based in Radcliffe (Warwick Conferences) led on by your Trans Students' Officer, Dorian Valentine. This 2 day conference will welcome trans people and active allies from all walks of life, who will inspire important conversations in the community.
Last Few Sports Ball Tickets Remaining!
Don't miss out on the biggest social event of the calendar year! There's still a couple of tickets up for grabs, you'll have to be quick! Grab your ticket here.
Liberation Conference Next Week
Led by Sophie Clark (VP Democracy & Development) and the Decolonise Collective, LibCon 2024 is a resurrection of previous LibCons, featuring a collaborative set of workshops, talks and discussions. Look at this year's programme here.
What's Your Blood Type?
Warwick Medical School’s haematology society is hosting the NHS blood and transplant team for a What’s Your Blood Type? event in the FAB on Wednesday 8th May from 10:45am-3:30pm. You can sign up for blood donation, chat to the experienced team about donation and find out your own blood type!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email