23-24t1week9
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 9 (w/c 27th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Greetings from the SU,
It's Week 9, and though the weather may be dreary, we do have some exciting opportunities to spruce up your week!
We've got another busy campaigns week coming up, with our Officers working hard to put together a whole host of events for you. We're continuing to celebrate
Disability History Month
with a
fair today from 1-5pm
- it's a space to come and learn more about disability, be a bit creative if that's your cup of tea, and connect with your peers and services working in the accessibility space at Warwick!
We have a grand total of
FOUR events
this week to mark our ongoing involvement in the 16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence campaign. We'd love to see you at one of the Q&As or panels if you have time this week.
Enaya has also been pushing hard to develop work around student safety both on campus but also in Leamington - we're running a joint SU-University survey called '
Safer @ Warwick
' which is now open, to try and pinpoint the areas on campus and in the student experience which still need work. Your input in this space is critical to the long-term cultivation of a safe campus, so please do share your experience with us if you can.
For those of you living in or visiting Leamington, Enaya has also been working with Warwickshire District Council to establish a
safe space for students
to go at South Lodge in Leamington, which will be open from 10pm-4am on Friday nights for anyone who feels that they need a safe place to go, feels uncomfortable, or just needs some support.
It's coming up to that time of the year when the keen beans among us are starting to think about
housing
(though we'd stress that there's no rush!). If you'd like some information or advice about finding, securing or in any way organising your housing for the coming academic year, the Advice Centre will be running a Housing Day Drop-In from 10am-3pm on Wednesday in Senate House.
The Student Experience Team at the University are also running a
roundtable this week
to speak to International Students at Warwick and embed their experience in the work done to support students at Warwick. If you're an International Student who joined Warwick this year and are interested then sign up at the link below!
Finally, we have a couple of fan favourites returning this week - Postgrad Pub Quiz tonight at the Graduate, and
Juicy this Friday
in Terrace Bar for some R&B to see out the week.
If that sounds good to you then we'll see you there - have a great week all!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Disability Fair
We're hosting our Disability History Month Fair in the Atrium from 1-5pm today! Led by your VP Education Holly, Disabled Students' Officer Mads, & Autism at Warwick Exec Ben; it's a space where you can learn, connect and get creative.
Events for 16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence
As part of 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence, we're hosting four events this week. They will include Q&A panels, discussions and workshops, and all students are welcome. Find out more about the events here.
Juicy
Fresh tunes and classic throwbacks to delight your ears, and an excellent cocktail menu to tantalise your tastebuds? It must be Juicy! Join us in the Terrace Bar from 9pm every Friday for the biggest RnB, Hip Hop and UK Urban beats. Free entry.
Housing Day Drop-In
Missed our Housing Day? Don't you worry, our Advice Centre have a drop in session on Wednesday 29th November at Senate House from 10am-3pm. You can also check out our housing FAQS here.
Safer @ Warwick Survey
The Safer @ Warwick survey is a joint University SU project to help us understand and to continue to improve the safety of students on campus. The survey should take no more than 15 minutes to complete. Tap here to find out more.
Postgraduate Pub Quiz
Tonight is the last Postgraduate Pub Quiz of the term! Come to The Graduate from 7pm, and battle with your brains to become victorious! Free entry.
International Student Roundtable
International Students! Did you join the University this autumn? If so, you're invited to the International Student Roundtable! Wednesday 29th November, 2:45pm-4:45pm at Central Campus. Find out more here.
Safe Space at South Lodge, Leamington Spa
Enaya (VP Welfare & Campaigns) has been working with Warwickshire District Council on the "Safe Space" initiative in Leamington Spa, for anyone who feels unsafe, finds themselves in an uncomfortable situation or needs some support. You can visit South Lodge on Friday nights from 10pm-4am. Read more here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email