23-24t2week2
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 2 (w/c 15th January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone,
We hope you've all had a good first week back and are back in the swing of things after the holidays!
We have a few fan-favourites returning this week: after a really positive first week, our Free Breakfast club will be continuing this Tuesday and Thursday in the Green Room from 8-10am, with Women and Non-Binary Self-Defence classes back on Tuesday, and fresh fruit and veg being sold in the Atrium across Thursday. If you're as excited about pre-loved fashion as we are, then we'll see you at the Vintage Fair returning to the Atrium this Thursday!
In the campaigns space, as part of our ongoing Keep Wednesday Afternoons Free campaign, we want to hear from you all about any core teaching you have on Wednesday afternoons, to aid our call to keep Wednesday afternoons free for sport and extracurricular activities for all students. Fill in our survey below to tell us about your experience - we'd love to hear from as many of you as possible.
We're also excited to announce that we have three support funding hubs opening today - our Sportswear for All Fund, Disability Item Fund and Gender Expression Fund. These funds offer access to items that might support your welfare, gender-affirmation, or offer a route to participation in activities or environments that might otherwise be uncomfortable or inaccessible to you. To read more and apply to each of the funds, see more below.
If you're looking for something wholesome to get involved with and are passionate about having a positive effect on our environment, why not join the University Sustainability Team's workshop to create a hedgehog friendly campus? It's an opportunity to help initiatives that support the growing biodiversity on campus and help make more comfortable homes for some of our on-campus neighbours, whilst also building valuable campaigning experience and skills.
Finally, we'll be closing the week out with our first Skool Days of Term 2 in the Copper Rooms this Saturday - get your tickets now if you haven't already!
Have a great week ??
Anna Taylor SU President
Skool Dayz this Saturday
Pull your socks up and hide your gum as we relive the best tracks from your youth at Skool Dayz; the best school disco ever - fact! Timeless classics from the 90's, noughties and 10's, plus some serious old-school hip hop, RnB and D&B.
Funding Hub opens today
Any Warwick student can now apply for financial support from three student-led funds targeting specific areas; Sports Wear For All, Disability Items, and Gender Expression. Deadlines for applications are 26th Jan for Sports Wear, 9th Feb for Disability Items, and 11th Feb for Gender Expression.
Keep Wednesday afternoons free!
As part of an ongoing campaign to keep Wednesday afternoons free for extracurricular activities (including BUCS Sport), the SU is collecting data on core teaching on Wednesday afternoons. Please fill in this form so we have as much evidence as possible!
Hedgehog Friendly Campus Initiative
Sign up for this workshop to create impactful campaigns that help hedgehogs on campus. The workshop will help you understand the issues hedgehogs face, choose an impactful campaign topic that affects the hedgehogs on campus, and create a plan of action.?
Women & Non-Binary Self Defence Classes
Our free self-defence classes for women & non-binary people will equip you with the skills needed for self-defence and boosting confidence, drawing on a range of martial arts and combat sports. There is a maximum of 40 spaces for each class, allocated on a first-come, first-serve basis.
The (Free) Breakfast Club
Join us for free breakfast 8am - 10am every Tuesday and Thursday throughout term time, hosted in the Green Room (SUHQ). Help yourself to instant porridge, croissants, toast, granola/cereal, mini pastries, hot and cold drinks, and a selection of fresh fruits.
Vintage Fair this Thursday
Vintage Vera will be back in the SU Atrium 10am - 5pm with Grade A products direct from the USA. Browse through the shop and pick what you want, weigh your clothes at the weigh station, pay and leave with a smile on your face.
Fresh & Juicy fruit and veg
Discover a world of delicious fresh fruits and vegetables at prices that will make your wallet smile. Bringing a burst of flavour and nutrition back to the heart of Campus every Thursday from 9am - 5pm in the SU Atrium.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email