24-25t2week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 7 (w/c 17th February) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Good morning, everyone! 🥶
It's Week 7!! Only 3 more weeks until we can all take a break from this insanely packed term. Don't blame me for the delayed Newsletter, blame Real Ale Soc for their outrageous 45th festival which saw most of us go home in the early hours of Sunday... (I must say, Big Band and FolkSoc made the late hours worth it...) 🎸
Thank you to everyone who nominated themselves or their mates for our Spring Officer Elections- it's going to be a fun one!! The candidates' names shall be revealed soon, keep an eye out on our socials 👀
One important reminder for this week: the National Students' Survey is OPEN for all finalists!! This is the best way to get your voice heard and listened to by the University and your Union- make sure to be as detailed as possible (don't worry, your responses are anonymised to everyone) ✍️
Lastly, thank you to all the execs who are contributing to the 60th Anniversary Yearbook! 🩷 I'm really excited to showcase how incredible you all are :)
See ya next time,
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Coming Soon: Your Spring Officer Elections Candidates
Thank you to everyone who nominated in the Spring Officer Elections! The Candidate List will be revealed on Monday 24th February, and our first Question Time will take place on Wednesday 26th February.
Varsity next weekend!
We'll be battling it out with Coventry SU next Saturday at Varsity! Come and cheer Warwick on, and be a part of our (hopefully) 35th consecutive victory! Find the fixtures here.
Calling all final-year students!
The National Student Survey (NSS) is your opportunity to give honest feedback on your course, so we can make improvements to the Warwick student experience. All students eligible to complete the NSS will be entered into a prize draw to win cash prizes or vouchers!
FTO Wellbeing Corner: Social Eating Habits Survey
Researchers at Warwick Medical School and Computer Science are interested in the social aspects of students' eating habits. The survey will inform the development and implementation of an app and intervention (ConnectEat) aimed at improving students’ social connections and wellbeing on campus.
Warwick Sustainability: Wombles Litter Pick
Warwick Sustainability's litter picks continue after a hugely successful session in January when we collected 44.7 kg of litter! Can we beat this and reach a new record? Join them this Wednesday and give it a go! This activity contributes to the Warwick Award.
Competition: How can academic integrity set you up for professional integrity in the workplace?
This Academic Integrity Celebration Month, you're invited to enter our student competition, where you could win up to £100 in shopping vouchers! To enter, submit a creative piece to answer the question: How can academic integrity set you up for professional integrity in the workplace? Enter by Thursday 27th February.
Tell Curiositea Your Coffee Shop Habits
Curiositea are looking to gather information about your choices when purchasing drinks on campus. It's open for anyone that uses coffee shops on campus, and the information gained from this survey will be completely anonymous.
Postgraduate Study Fair
Next Tuesday, the Postgraduate Study fair is taking place in Panorama, Rootes Building. It's the perfect opportunity to learn more about the courses available to you at postgraduate level, as well as giving you the opportunity to ask any questions and speak to current students.
Let's Make Pride Together
Calling LGBTQ+ students and staff: We want you to help shape the future of Pride on campus! Party? Protest? Community action? Join us on Weds 26th Feb at 12pm-1.30pm, FAB2.31 for your chance to share your opinions, talk about what Pride means, and give your ideas and suggestions.
Get Your Tickets for National Student Pride
Don't miss out on the UK's largest LGBTQ+ student event, returning to celebrate its 20th anniversary! From 28th February-1st March at the University of Westminster, Marylebone Campus, get ready for a weekend of iconic performances, on-stage celebrity interviews and an unmissable LGBTQ+ careers fair. Grab your tickets here!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email