24-25t2week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 6 (w/c 10th February) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Phew! Can’t believe it’s Week 6 already!
For those of you who have a reading week, I hope you had a lie in today, especially if you watched the Super Bowl last night at the Duck 🦆
This is an exciting week! Love (or lust
🫦) is in the air, and we can bet half of you are busy scrambling for a last-minute Valentine's gift (even for yourself! Self-love is important too)🎁
Might we suggest (in a completely non-suggestive way) that you practice safe sex and swing by SHaGFest on Wednesday? We're giving out free bottles of lube, condoms, lessons from FetSoc and contraceptives for you to have a great night ahead...
On another note, by this time tomorrow, nominations for our Spring Officer Elections will have CLOSED! Make sure to get your nomination in by 12pm at the latest if you'd like to lead the Union next year.
The Disability Item Fund also closes on Sunday, so make sure to apply while you can!
Enjoy the weekend when it comes (and maybe try some interesting varieties of Real Ale in The Copper Rooms!)
See ya later!
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Spring Officer Elections: Nominations closing Tuesday!
Nominations are closing tomorrow for Spring Officer Elections! This is your final chance to put yourself forward, and campaign for a better Warwick. Make Your Mark and nominate yourself here!
Sexual Health & Guidance Festival (SHaG Fest)
Join us on Wednesday 12th February from 10am in The Atrium, for our third SHaG Fest! This vibrant festival tackles stigma around sex while raising awareness of important risks. You can also grab some great freebies, and possibly win a £100 Etsy voucher!
Coming soon: Varsity
On Saturday 1st March at the Sports & Wellness Hub, we'll be facing off with Coventry SU in our yearly Varsity! 20 fixtures, 2 dance/cheerleading performances, 6 locations and 1 WINNER! Let's make 2025 our 35th consecutive victory!
Disability Item Fund Closes this Sunday
If you're in need of disability items that would help with university and everyday life, you have until this Sunday to apply for the Disability Item Fund. You're able to claim up to £50 for disability items, and claim multiple items within the £50 limit. You can apply here.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: Report + Support
You might already know about Report + Support, the University's trauma-informed support service for anyone who has faced abuse, but did you know: It doesn’t matter if the incident happened on or off-campus, or within or outside of term-time, and no sanctions will be pursued if you don't want them to.
Academic Integrity Celebration Month
February 2025 marks Academic Integrity Celebration Month. This year, the university is focusing on professional integrity and taking your university skills into professional life. There's various events being held with our Advice Centre, along with a creative competition you can get involved with. Find out more here.
Warwick Sustainability: 'Becoming Circular' Workshops
Calling all university students ready to rethink the way we live, consume, and innovate! Becoming Circular is a dynamic four-part workshop series designed to inspire and empower you to challenge current systems and shape a more sustainable, circular economy.
Warwick Sustainability: Bug Hotel Building
This Wednesday from 12pm-1pm, in order to support a variety of wildlife to use our campus, we will be building more "bug hotels" in collaboration with the Grounds and Gardens Team. There are a maximum of 15 spaces available, so sign up now to avoid disappointment!
Let's Make Pride Together
Calling LGBTQ+ students and staff: We want to you to help shape the future of Pride on campus! Join us on Weds 26th Feb at 12pm-1.30pm, FAB2.31 for your chance to share your opinions, talk about what Pride means, and give your ideas and suggestions. Find the booking link here.
Get Your Tickets for National Student Pride
The UK's largest LGBTQ+ student event returns to celebrate its 20th anniversary from 28th February-1st March at University of Westminster, Marylebone Campus! Get ready for a weekend of iconic performances, on-stage celebrity interviews and an unmissable LGBTQ+ careers fair. Grab your tickets here!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email