23-24t1week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 4 (w/c 23rd October) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning everybody,
I hope you're well, and that those of you on campus have had better luck escaping the weather over the past few days than I have!
If you want something to get stuck into this week then fear not - we're back again with some more fantastic events to spice up Week 4.
We'd love you to celebrate
Black History Month
with us! This week's events include
two film screenings
in collaboration with the Film Studies Society on Tuesday and Thursday in the FAB (see details below), as well as a
stall run by your fabulous Ethnic Minorities Officer
, Nia, from 12-3pm on Thursday in The Atrium. See if you can guess the surprise activity Nia has planned...
If you're starting to feel ?? spoOoOoky ?? like we are, then why not come along to one of our upcoming Halloween events? We have our annual
Halloween Ball
this Saturday, as well as the
Rep My Flag
and
Bollywood Halloween
events in the Copper Rooms on the 31
st
(dress up not required but STRONGLY encouraged!)
Finally, if you'd like something to put in your diaries... as part of our PG Connections campaign, your Vice President for Postgraduate Students, Vash, will be running a
Postgraduates Fair
on the 2
nd
November in The Atrium. See below for more details, and come along to meet other Mature and PG students!
Have a good week everyone!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Halloween Ball 2023
Don your ghastliest get-up for an evening of scary shenanigans on Saturday 28th October! Expect ghoulish decor, spectacular scares and much more as we bust out all your favourite seasonal classics. The Copper Rooms, 10pm-2am, £8 entry. Buy your tickets here.
Halloween Bollywood Night
UNIWRISTBAND is here with yet another bamboozling Bollywood Night! Expect capacity crowds, an electric atmosphere and outrageous drums! Tuesday 31st October in Copper Rooms 2. 10pm-2am, £8 entry. Grab your tickets before they sell out!
Rep My Flag: Halloween Edition
RepMyFlag is back with more spooky surprises this Halloween! Jam to the hottest urban music from every continent. Tuesday 31st October in Copper Rooms. 10pm-2am, £5 early bird (no flag), £8 standard. Free flag giveaway before 11pm. Flags are limited to the first 200 standard ticket holders.
Black History Month: Screenings from the Warwick Film Studies Society
For Black History Month 2023, the Warwick Film Studies Society will be screening Do The Right Thing (1989) on Tuesday 24th October, and Moonlight (2016) on Thursday 26th October. Both screenings will be at FAB M0.21 at 7pm. Free entry.
Black History Month Stall
Join Nia, your Ethnic Minorities Officer in The Atrium on Thursday 26th October from 12pm-3pm to celebrate Black History Month 2023. There'll be an educational stall, freebies, and a surprise activity! All students welcome.
Postgraduate Fair (PG Connections)
Vaishnavi, your VP for Postgraduates has organised a fantastic opportunity to meet others in your postgraduate community and engage in shared activities. Tuesday 2nd November in The Atrium, 11am-3pm. This event is tailored towards Mature and Postgraduate Students, but all students are welcome. Part of the PG Connections campaign.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email