24-25t2week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 4 (w/c 27th January) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Good morning, everyone! 💨
Hope you've gotten some time to chill out over the weekend, especially if you were at Strictly at Warwick or Wonderland in the Copper Rooms on Friday! What a blast 💃🪩
Onto an even busier week: tomorrow marks our
One World Week: Lunar New Year
celebration! Catch us in the Atrium with some dumplings and watch all the pieces fall right into place for the Year of the Snake (iykyk)...🐍
For those of you who unfortunately missed out on fresher's fair during welcome week, we've got a
Refreshers Fair
on Thursday! People-watch or grab a freebie or two whilst pretending to be a fresher again, why don't you?
Quick reminders for upcoming talks we're hosting & deadlines (not that you need any more of those): Pet some alpacas 🦙 and listen to a talk on neurodiversity in Academia on the 31st, powered by the
PG Connections
campaign! Our JSoc is also holding a Holocaust Memorial Day talk tomorrow evening- you can get a free ticket to attend
here
. Lastly, the
Gender Expression Fund
closes on the 2nd of February, so make sure to get your bids in before we run out! 🩷
Your SU President,
Enaya Nihal
Refreshers Fair
Treat yourself at Refreshers Fair this Thursday! Whether you’re eager to explore new opportunities, find exclusive student-only deals, stock up on freebies or just take a break from your studies, the Refreshers Freebie Fair has something for everyone.
Lunar New Year at Warwick: Chinese Year of the Snake
Join us this Tuesday as we unite and celebrate Lunar New Year at Warwick! There'll be traditional games, crafts, entertainment and delicious food! Find out how you can celebrate with us here.
PG Connections - Wellbeing Series: Neurodiversity in Academia, and Alpacas!
As part of our Wellbeing Series with PG Connections, we're hosting an interactive workshop this Friday. We'll be discussing neurodiversity and the student experience, and you'll be able to pet alpacas!
Gender Expression Fund Closing on 2nd February
If you're looking for financial support for gender affirming care, we can offer you £50 with the Gender Expression Fund. You have until this Sunday to apply. Tap here to fill out the form.
FTO Wellbeing Corner: Welfare Officer Survey
We're looking to develop comprehensive training for Welfare Officers for the next academic year. It would be really helpful if we could hear about your experiences as a Welfare Officer, what is working well for you, and what more support you would like to have or see in the future.
Coming Soon: Thrift Thursday
Join the circular fashion movement every 1st Thursday of the month in the Atrium! On Thursday 6th February you'll be able to find treasures, save money, and support sustainability!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email