22-23t2week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week w/c 20th of February All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Varsity 2023
Varsity is back! Our annual showdown with Coventry SU returns on Saturday 25th of February. Be there and be part of it! We are all #TeamWarwick.
Liberation Conference 2023
Liberation Conference 2023 kicks off this week! Their workshops and lectures are aimed to create thought provoking discussions, and offer a space to learn, talk, interact and discuss openly a range of different topics.
Voting Opens Soon!
Voting opens at 9am on Monday 27th February! Take a look at the candidate list to find out who could be representing your Student Union.
Spring Officer Elections: Question Time
Candidate Question Time is your opportunity to find out more about your 2023 Officer candidates! Two evenings consisting of questions to the candidates and closing speeches. Open to all students, and both events will be live-streamed on our YouTube.
How to Use our Zero Waste Shop
Not sure where to start with our Zero Waste Shop? Watch our handy guide on Instagram, which will help you in three simple steps!
Foodbank
Organised by your Vice President Welfare and Campaigns (Tomi Amole) and your Part Time Officer for Widening Participation (Kieran Barry). Providing a variety of cupboard goods, such as dried pasta, rice, cereal, tinned vegetables and fruit, and similar.
Loud and Proud
DJ Craig Law of Gaydio fame (the world's biggest LGBTQ+ radio station) will be selecting some incredible queer anthems for a fantastic night where we can all be loud and proud! Tuesday 21st of February from 10pm in The Copper Rooms. £3 Entry.
Reflektor
The best indie night in Warwick is back on Saturday 25th of February! Full of new and classic Indie, pop punk, rock, metal, party tunes and guilty pleasures. From 10pm in The Copper Rooms. £6 Entry.
Join
Qatar
Airways Student Club today to win a luxury trip to the Maldives with the World’s Best Airline.
It is
free to join
Qatar
Airways Student Club and members will benefit from:
Up to 20% off flights
Additional baggage allowance
Date change flexibility
Much more!
To participate, click on the link below and sign up to Student Club
before 28 February 2023
to be entered into the draw.
JOIN HERE
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email