23-24t3week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 10 (w/c 24th June) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone,
Welcome to Week 10! What an exciting and eventful term it's been, I can't quite believe we're nearly at the end. However, we're not quite finished yet! Scroll down to see some of the things you can get involved with during and after Week 10.
We want to hear about your experiences with the Cost of Living as Warwick students this year. Our Officers and staff have been working alongside the university on initiatives to try and ease the financial burden on students, but it's so important that we know what the pain points are, and how we can best help.
Please fill out our
Cost of Living Survey
before you head home (or over the summer if you'd prefer) and tell us how you've found this year, and how we can best help students going forward into next academic year.
In the campaigns space, it's your last week to
Rate Your Landlord
, and be in with the chance of winning a week's worth of rent. You have until 30th June to submit your reviews!
Also, remember that if you're in Leamington, the
Safe Space at the Lodge on the Parade
is available every Friday as a quiet space with support and resources as well. Stay safe!
If you're still on campus with us, why not join us at our final
GLOW
of this academic year, from 5pm at Terrace Bar on Tuesday. Bring your friends and come on down!
We're still open over summer, too! Some of our outlets will be closed at times, though, so make sure to look at our
SU Opening Hours
before you visit campus during July and August.
Sticking around over summer? See what's happening at Warwick by checking out
Warwick Presents
, and get involved with some of the social activities taking place on campus.
Finally, and SO IMPORTANTLY, it's the General Election next week! Find out how to
Pledge to Turn Up and Vote
through NUS at the link below, and remember to mark 4
th
July in your calendars! Let's put students and young people on the agenda in this election.
Okay folks, that's all from me! We'll be back with your weekly updates at the beginning of Term 1, at which point you'll have the lovely Enaya as your new SU President, and a whole new Officer team ready to support you in your time here!
From me, thank you for such an amazing year: it's truly humbling to see the phenomenal work that so many students put into the Warwick community, and the passion for positive change here is like no other.
You're in safe hands with Enaya and the team for next year. I really can't wait to see what they'll achieve, and how you will all be involved in that.
So for the last time - have a great week, and see ya!
Anna Taylor
President
Win a week's worth of rent with Rate Your Landlord!
Getting ready to move out of your student accommodation? Make sure to visit Rate Your Landlord this week and share your renting experience, you could end up winning a week's worth of rent! You have until Sunday 30th June to send your reviews. Click here to rate your landlord now!
Cost of Living Survey
We know that the cost of living crisis has affected many students at Warwick. We've created the Cost of Living Survey so we can gather an accurate reflection of student experiences, and listen to student concerns. Click here to fill out the survey and share your experiences.
Fresh & Juicy not running this week
Unfortunately, Fresh & Juicy will not be visiting The Atrium this week. We apologise for this inconvenience.
General Election next week
The General Election will be taking place next Thursday. If you've registered to vote, why not also Pledge to Turn Up at the General Election with NUS? They will send you all the information you need to get involved. Find out more here.
GLOW
It's the final GLOW of the term, and the academic year! Head to the Terrace Bar from 5pm this Tuesday for a fun and fabulous evening for our LGBTQUIA+ students, their friends and allies.
Staying on campus over Summer?
If you're around on campus over the Summer break, you won't be bored! Click here to check out what the university has in store for you on Warwick Presents.
Safe Space @ The Lodge
If you feel unsafe, vulnerable or in an uncomfortable situation, Safe Space @ The Lodge is there for you. South Lodge on the Parade, Leamington, is open every Friday evening from 10pm-4am. Find out what support and resources you can receive from them here.
Summer Opening Hours
Summer is finally here! If you’re staying around this Summer and need to know when you can get your hot (or cold) drink fix at Curiositea, grab a burger at The Dirty Duck, or contact our Advice Team for some support, we’ve got you covered. Check our opening times here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email