23-24t1week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 8 (w/c 20th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
It's me, hi! I'm back-again-with-another-email, it's me! (Happy Taylor Swift night to all of you who were at Wonder on Friday!)
I can't quite believe that we're in Week 8, but what's even more unbelievable is how much we've got lined up at the SU this week.
Some general updates: the All Student Vote results are now available -
if you'd like to see how the votes went then head on over to our website
. And for the coffee lovers among us, you'll be pleased to know that Curiositea will now be opening from 8:30 in the morning to help make sleepy mornings slightly less sleepy!
We've got another week of campaigns content for you, starting with Trans Day of Remembrance today - we'll be observing the date with a
vigil organised by our Trans Students' Officer, Dorian, tonight at 6pm in the Piazza
, and would love for you to join us if you can.
Our Better Buses campaign is back this week, with
a survey to collect your feedback
on how the bus services can be improved at Warwick - your feedback will be crucial as we speak to both Stagecoach and National Express! The survey should take approximately 10 mins...maybe something to fill the time on your next bus ride?
Enaya and Emma's work towards the 16 Days of Activism Against Gender Violence campaign is also kicking off properly this week, and we're finishing  the week with
a social for our Stand Up to Islamophobia campaign on Friday in SUHQ.
Our Advice Centre are also having a massively busy week, organising our
Housing Day on Wednesday in the Atrium
(come and talk about top tips for organising next year's housing!) as well as providing support around
Academic Integrity Celebration Week
.
The Student Community Experience team at the university are looking for 8 students to take paid positions advising around the experience of transitioning from 1
st
to 2
nd
year -
if you'd like to contribute in this area then check out their job ad!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Trans Day of Remembrance Vigil
The 20th November marks Trans Day of Remembrance. Your Trans Students' Officer, Dorian has organised a vigil to commemorate the trans and gender-diverse people who have lost their lives in the past year as a result of transphobia. The vigil will take place from 6pm-8pm tonight at the Piazza.
All Student Vote: Results
The results are in for the All Student Vote! Thank you very much to everyone who voted, your voice is important to the Students' Union. Tap here to find out which motions have passed.
Housing Day
Making the right accommodation choice can be the difference between a good year and a disastrous one! Come along to our Housing Day at the Atrium on Wednesday 22nd November from 10am-4pm, organised by our amazing Advice Centre team.
Academic Integrity Celebration Week
Join the SU Advice Centre in your department during Academic Integrity Celebration Week. The team will be on hand to provide advice and support around using Artificial Intelligence in assessments and maintaining academic integrity in your work. Check out the full list of events and be sure to come along.
Better Buses Survey
As part of the Students’ Union’s Better Buses campaign, we'll be talking to Stagecoach and National Express to push for an improved service that works for our student body. In order to make change happen, we need your feedback!
16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence
16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence is an annual international campaign that begins on 25th November, the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, and runs until 10th December, Human Rights Day. Enaya (VP Welfare & Campaigns) and Emma (VP Sports) will be supporting in various ways.
Student Transitions Co-Creation Officer Vacancies
The university are looking to employ 8 Co-creation Officers, 5 hours a week from January to March, as part of a project looking into 1st to 2nd year transitions. Please see the job ad for full information here.
Social for Stand Up Against Islamophobia
This is an opportunity to meet others and to break down barriers between the muslim and non-muslim community in a relaxed environment. There will be food provided (halal options) and activities to get involved with! Friday 24th November, 5pm-7pm in Kevin Gately.
Curiositea Opening Hours
Curiositea will now be open from 8:30am on weekdays until the end of term. Perfect timing for a lovely hot beverage before morning lectures!
Skool Dayz this Saturday!
The best school disco on campus is back at Warwick! Dance the night away to timeless classics from the 90s, 00s and 10s! Saturday 25th November, 7pm-2am in The Copper Rooms.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email