23-24t3week6
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 6 (w/c 27th May) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi all and welcome to Week 6 (are we really there already?!)
Our
Summer Elections results
are live! Thanks to everyone who voted and well done to our fantastic candidates for this year! Make sure you head to the website to see who your next VP for Postgraduates, Faculty Reps and Forum Reps are.
We have a few exciting events to look forward to...
We can't wait to see those of you coming along to the Trans Activism and Inclusion Conference next week - if you've signed up then keep an eye on your emails for a full agenda.
If you're an international student and would like to feed into a
focus group
discussing your Student Experience, please sign up below and help the SU and university to support you the best that we can.
If you're enjoying the warmer weather, why not join
Global Connections
at their picnic this Wednesday on Windmill Hill. Alternatively, head over to the
inflatable obstacle course
on Westwood campus (from experience, SO fun, if exhausting!). Details about both below.
One last final reminder: if you haven't submitted your
table plan for Sports Ball
, you have until Thursday!
That's all from us - as always, good luck with your Week 6 exams, assignments and revision!
Anna Taylor
President
Summer Elections: Results
The results are in for your Summer Elections! Click here to find out who will be your next VP for Postgraduates, along with your next Academic Reps, Faculty Reps and Forum Members.
Last Chance to Submit Your Sports Ball Table Plan!
Have you sorted your table plan for Sports Ball yet? You've got until 12pm Noon on Thursday 30th May to submit your plans! Click here to find out what you need to do.
Coming Up: Trans Activism & Inclusion Conference
Next week we'll be holding the Trans Activism & Inclusion Conference in Radcliffe (Warwick Conferences), led by your Trans Students' Officer, Dorian Valentine. If you've booked your place, We will be sending a full agenda to you and other required information via email.
Inflatable Days
Fancy jumping through an inflatable assault course? You can at the American Football Field on Westwood campus! You can also have a go at the Total Wipeout simulator! Tap here to book your spot.
Focus Group for International Undergraduates
International undergraduates! This one's for you. The university will be running focus groups to gather students' voices on your experiences and opinions, regarding how the university can better support you. If you'd like to get involved, click here.
Global Connections: Picnic Playground at Windmill Hill
Global Connections are hosting a picnic this Wednesday! Get ready for a day of fun under the sun at Windmill Hill! Embrace the summer vibes with our exciting picnic event featuring a little something for everyone. Find out more here.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email