24-25t1week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 4 (w/c 21st October)
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello there!
I hope you're all settled in for Week 4 after a crazy beginning to term. We've got a couple of
exciting returns
this week, starting with
The (Free) Breakfast Club
! I'll see you at
8:30am in the Green Room every Tuesday
for a hot cuppa 🙂
Join us in
CR2 (Copper Rooms) this Tuesday afternoon
around
2pm
for a
creative t-shirt designing workshop
for
Black History Month.
It's
free
to come, but it's also
first come, first served
!
This weekend
also marks the return of
2 iconic nights
in our
Copper Rooms: Euphoria
(Formerly known as
Loud & Proud
, but
Warwick Pride have now taken over
this fabulous
Friday
night out) and
Sonic
(
POP! but make it Rock
- on this
Saturday!
) I can't sleep in the wake of Saturday, myself!
This
Sunday
, catch the
(American Football) Touchdown
event in
Butts Park Arena, Coventry
to bear witness to the most
epic face-off
between
Warwick Wolves and NTU Renegades
, with
Warwick Devils performing in the halftime show
!! Let's see who knows how to ball... 👀
An important note:
Your Full Time Officers
will be
in Westminster this Wednesday
, lobbying MPs to vote in students' interests! We'll be attending the
NUS Lobby Day
with sabbatical officers from all over the country to
fight for the removal of guarantors
, the
student exemption on no-fault evictions
, and more for the
upcoming Renter's Rights Bill
. Sign their petition
here
!
Lastly, the
University is refreshing their Sustainability Strategy
, and they
want you to help shape it
! Make sure to chime in
here
.
See y'all next week!
Enaya Nihal
Your President at Warwick SU
Black History Month: T-Shirt Making Workshop
Join us in Copper Rooms 2 from 2pm on Tuesday 22nd October for our T-shirt making workshop for Black History Month! The workshop offers a creative space to reflect on the power of storytelling and representation, while designing unique T-shirts that symbolise pride and resilience.
The (Free) Breakfast Club
Join us for free breakfast every Tuesday morning from 8:30am-11:30am throughout term time, hosted in the Green Room (SUHQ). Help yourself to a variety of hot and cold breakfast options, alongside a hot drink: instant porridge, toast with toppings, cereal and milk, and a selection of fresh fruits.
Hello Euphoria!
Formerly known as Loud and Proud, Warwick Pride have now taken over our LGBTQUIA+ night, and they bring you Euphoria! Get to Copper Rooms 2 for 10pm on Friday the 25th of October and leave euphoric at 2am, with tickets HOT-TO-GO for £5 members, £5.50 non-members. Grab yours here!
Sonic this Saturday
We hope that you'll look good on the dancefloor at Sonic this Saturday, Warwick SU's alternative rock and indie night! 10pm-2am. £7 entry, and you can only purchase tickets on the SU website! Find them here.
TOUCHDOWN! Warwick Wolves V NTU Renegades & Warwick Devils Halftime Show!
Warwick Wolves and NTU Renegades will battle it out in Premiership American Football on Sunday 3rd November in Butts Park Arena, Coventry. Tickets are only £6, kick-off is at 3pm, and cheerleading squad Warwick Devils will be performing at halftime! Buy your tickets here.
Sustainability Strategy Refresh
The university are excited to refresh their Sustainability Strategy and they want YOUR voice to be part of it! As students, your input is essential in creating a strategy that reflects the needs and aspirations of our entire university community.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email