22-23t2week6
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week w/c 13th February All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
It’s Week 6 and therefore happy reading week to all those celebrating. To those who are not, don’t worry! The SU has plenty going on this week. Will is off today so you are going to have to do with me.
We have one of my personal favourite events of the year: the Real Ale Festival! Which will be on Thursday, Friday and Saturday evening.
Our nominations have finally closed, and you can now meet the candidates who will be out there earning your vote in Week 8. Go and have a look for just a flavour of who your student leaders will be next academic year.
I hope you have a great rest of the week!
Jack Sperry
Vice President for Democracy & Development
Spring Officer Elections - Meet the Candidates!
Your candidates have been revealed! Find out who's running for the 2023 Spring Officer Elections here.
Gender Expression Fund
Transgender, non-binary, and gender non-conforming students can still apply for up to £50 of funding for gender-affirming items. Applications are open until Sunday 19th of February at 11.59pm.
Cost of Living - Foodbank
As part of the Cost of Living Strategy, Warwick SU is running our own foodbank every Thursday 10am-4pm in the SU Atrium, to offer you help if you need it.
Welcome Hub Zero Waste Shop
The Zero Waste Shop has launched in the SUHQ Welcome Hub! Grab your containers and fill up on household essentials and see what else they have to offer.
43rd Warwick University Real Ale Festival
The 43rd Warwick University Real Ale Festival is back! With over 100 beers, 50 ciders, wines and mead, hot food and live entertainment, it's the biggest student-run festival in Europe! Entry is £3.50, cash only. Profits go to helping local charities.
POP! Midweek Mayhem
Taking place every Wednesday from 10pm – 2am (Circling starts at 7pm), this is the ultimate night out with your fellow students. POPtastic, cheesy tunes from yesteryear are the order of the day, so grab your ticket now! Just £6 entry.
Fish Finger Fri-Yay!
Run (don't walk) to The Bread Oven! You can enjoy succulent, crispy-coated fish fingers with all the trimmings for just £4.50 every Friday!
Women and Non-Binary Self Defence Classes
These classes will equip you with the skills needed for self-defence and boosting confidence. They're free to attend, but booking is ESSENTIAL!
We believe if you’re going to tuck into a big treat, you need to save big too. Grab £8 smalls, £10 mediums, and £12 larges at
dominos
.co.uk.
Now that’s an offer you don’t want to miss!
https://dominos.co.uk
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email