22-23t3week7
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 7 w/c 5th June All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
The season of awards and celebrations are upon us. The Union Student Voice & Impact Awards Shortlist has been announced, and for those of you wanting to celebrate as the year draws to an end, the final Glow of the year is tomorrow and Socs Fest is back in just 2 weeks!!
Our Term 2 Impact Report is attached again For those of you who missed it, and for those attending Sports Ball there are some FAQs to read through.
Wishing you all a happy week and good luck to those nominated for all Union Awards.
Will Brewer
SU President
Student Voice & Impact Awards: Shortlist Announced
The shortlist has now been revealed! The Student Voice & Impact Awards will take place on Wednesday 14th June in the Green Room. Good luck to everyone shortlisted!
Last Glow of the year!
It's the last Glow of the 22/23 academic year tomorrow night! Get yourselves down to The Terrace Bar from 5pm, grab a mock/cocktail and dance to the tunes that you want to hear! Free entry.
SocsFest: 2 weeks to go!
Socs Fest is back on Thursday 22nd June starting from 11am-late! Expect a host of games, performances along with plenty of refreshments and snacks. Shortlist for Societies Awards will be revealed this Friday; view the nominations here.
Summer Elections: Our £200 Amazon voucher winner!
Congratulations to Cameron Mackinnon, our £200 Amazon voucher winner from voting in the Summer Elections! Thank you to everyone who voted, and you can look at the results here.
Term 2 Impact Report
It was a busy Term 2, with the return of our Varsity sporting showdown against Coventry SU, our annual Spring Officer Elections and plenty of campaign work to amplify the student voice. Read more in our Term 2 Impact Report.
Sports Ball FAQs
With just over a week left until Sports Ball, we've put together our most frequently asked questions to ensure you have an amazing time! Tap here to check out our FAQs.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email