24-25t3week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 10
W/C 23rd June
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Good morning, and in case I don’t see ya, good afternoon, good evening and good night! 🌅
Since this is the last time you’ll be hearing from me, I think there’s only one thing left to do: celebrate ✨  you ✨
You’re the reason Warwick is such an extraordinary place to be, and the community you’ve built has been the warmest I’ve encountered. Some of you Lucky Ones got to take home a
Union Award
last week! 🎊
Do make sure to pick up a
limited edition (free!!) copy of our 60
th
Anniversary Yearbook
this week! The only thing that’s left is the Manuscript, after all… 📓
If you’re around over the summer, be sure to check out our
Summer opening hours
and pop in to have a chat before the end of July – I’ll see a lot of you at graduations 🎓
Thank you for an incredible chapter. I wish you the absolute best for the road ahead.
Signing off one final time…
Your SU President,
Enaya 🩷
Summer Vacation Opening Hours
Summer is finally here! Are you staying around? You can still get your cold (or hot) drink fix at Curiositea, grab a burger at The Dirty Duck, or contact our Advice Centre for some support. We’ve got you covered!
Learn More
Union Awards Results
We've had a wonderful awards season! View the winners of Societies and Student Voice & Impact Awards, as well as Sports here.
Learn More
Get your FREE 60th Anniversary Yearbook!
We are happy to announce that we have a limited number of 60th Anniversary Yearbooks, which we're offering to current students for absolutely free! Claim your copy here.
Learn More
PG Wellbeing Day tomorrow!
Our second PG Wellbeing Day will be taking place at Gibbet Hill campus tomorrow! You can meet and pet fluffy alpacas from 12pm, and the first 4 students to arrive will receive a giant alpaca plushie!
Learn More
Temporary Relocation of Blue Sky SARC
We've been asked to inform you that the Blue Sky Adult Sexual Assault Referral Centre (SARC) located in Nuneaton, will be temporarily relocating to Horizon SARC in Birmingham, from Thursday 12th June 2025-Thursday 12th September 2025, due to essential maintenance works. You can read the full update here.
Learn More
Circle Survey
Do you enjoy Circling? We want to hear your experiences regarding Circling, and other drinking events such as bar crawls. It shouldn't take you more than 5 minutes to complete. Find the survey here!
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL