25-26t2week5
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 5
W/C 9th February
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Hi everyone,
I hope you’re all doing okay and finding your feet as the week rolls on. There’s a lot happening at the Union right now, and a lot of it is about looking after ourselves and each other, which feels especially important.
Below you’ll find what’s coming up this week, including free sexual health testing, conversations around menstrual health, and the Sexual Health and Guidance Festival. These aren’t always easy topics, but they matter, and I’m really glad we’re creating space for them together.
A quick note as well that the Gender Expression Fund will be closing at the end of this week, so please do take a look if that’s something you’ve been considering.
Have a read through what’s on, come along if you can, and as always, know that the SU is here for you.
In solidarity with you all,
Alijah Taha
President
Warwick Students’ Union
Sexual Health & Guidance Festival
Get ready for SHaG Fest this Friday in the Atrium - the SU's exciting annual celebration of sexual health, body positivity and healthy relationships! Sponsored by Sagami. Tap here to find out more!
Learn More
Menstrual Health Day with Lunaire
This Thursday, we'll be hosting educational sessions, Q&As and confidential one-to-one support surrounding menstrual health, with Alex from Lunaire. You can learn more about common and lesser-known conditions, better understand symptoms, and feel empowered to seek help when needed.
Learn More
There's still time to nominate!
Nominations for the Spring Officer Elections will be closing soon, so if you're thinking of running, now is the time! Take a look at all the available roles here.
Learn More
National Student Survey
Calling final-year students! The National Student Survey (NSS) is your opportunity to give honest feedback on your course, so we can make improvements to the Warwick student experience. All students eligible to complete the NSS will be entered into a prize draw to win 1 of 85 vouchers.
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL