23-24t3week8
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 8 (w/c 10th June) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi everyone,
Firstly, a General Election update! We're encouraging students to sign up to
NUS Turn Up to Vote Pledge
. Pledge now and NUS will send you all the info you need on how and when to vote.
Remember that voters require a valid form of ID. If  you need one, you can
sign up for a free CitizenCard
until 12pm on Thursday 20
th
June, which is accepted as valid voter ID in England, Scotland and Wales.
For those of you who'll be voting in Warwick and Leamington or Coventry South (make sure your lease is active on the 4
th
July to be eligible!) we'll be
circulating your questions to candidates
, to make sure they're prepared to clearly answer your asks of them as constituents. If you have a question you'd like your candidates to answer then submit them at the form linked below.
We're celebrating this week ?? with our
Union Awards
on Tuesday evening! We can't wait to see all of you who were nominated, and come together to champion the amazing student contributions that underpin the community here at Warwick and the work of the SU.
For those of you still around in Leamington (or heading on over for a night out), Enaya has worked with the council to establish a
Safe Space at the Lodge on the Parade
, for if you need somewhere to go and sober up while you wait for a taxi, or if you need somewhere safe to wait with some friendly faces around. Go and check it out if you need it.
Finally, some weekend plans for all of y'all who are still around campus! We're kicking off with the University's
PRIDE at Warwick
celebration in the day, followed by our
Loud & Proud: Pride Special
on Friday night! On Saturday, we've got our final
Skool Dayz
of the year, and for those football enthusiasts among us, come and join us in Copper Rooms 1 for the England v Serbia Euros match this Sunday.
If you're still examinationing - it's the last push now! Just another couple of weeks until sweet, sweet freedom, you've absolutely got this.
Have a great week, y'all!
Anna Taylor
President
Union Awards this Tuesday!
The Union Awards will be taking place this Tuesday in The Atrium from 5:45pm! Dress to impress, this will be the most glamorous night Warwick SU has ever seen!
Safe Space @ The Lodge
Enaya Nihal (VP Welfare & Campaigns) has helped to create a safe space for anyone who feels unsafe, finds themselves in an uncomfortable situation or needs some support. South Lodge on the Parade, Leamington, is open every Friday evening from 10pm-4am. Find out more here.
PRIDE at Warwick
The second annual Pride festival at Warwick will be taking place this Friday! Headlined by the incredible Cheddar Gorgeous, with performances from Black Peppa, Bambi Bang Bang and more, it's guaranteed to be a sickening show you won't want to miss!
Loud and Proud: Pride Special
The Pride celebrations will carry on into Friday evening, with Nightingale Club resident DJ Just Soriah taking over the decks in the Copper Rooms, for our Loud and Proud: Pride special! £5 entry. Grab your tickets here.
Get ready to Turn Up to vote
NUS have created a pledge to encourage students to turn up and vote in the General Election. They'll send you all the information you need to get involved, and you can also grab a free CitizenCard from them to vote with until Thursday 20th June. Find out more here.
Question YOUR candidates in the General Election
Students make up 10% of the voting population, and your questions deserve to be answered by the candidates in the General Election. If there's anything you would like to ask the Leamington and Coventry South MPs, click here to fill out our form. Deadline is Wednesday 12th June.
Skool Dayz this Saturday
Turn back time and relive the best tracks of your youth in Skool Dayz this Saturday! Dance the night away to bangers from the 90s, 00s and 10s downstairs, as well as old-school hiphop, RnB and D&B upstairs. £6 entry. Circling begins at 7pm. Grab your tickers here.
Euro 2024: England v Serbia - Watch in the Copper Rooms
Looking for somewhere to watch Euros 2024? We've got you covered! You can watch England v Serbia with us in Copper Room 1. Sit back and relax, because it's coming home!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email