23-24t3week4
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 4 (w/c 13th May) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hi all,
It's a packed week (and newsletter!) as we barrel into Week 4!
In our campaigns space this week,
Liberation Conference
is finally here! Click below to see the programme of events and get involved. Sign ups for our
Trans Activism and Inclusion Conference
, led by our Trans Students' Officer, Dorian, are now OPEN - so bag your place now!
Our
Pressure Drop
campaign continues on this week, so why not take a quick break from your revision to come and join your VP for Postgraduates, Vaish, this Wednesday at 12pm for the
PG Connections: Wellbeing Walk
.
Nominations for the
Union Awards
close this Friday, so make sure you nominate your friends to recognise their contributions! If you'll be joining us at the
Sports Ball
to see who wins the Sports Awards, make sure you
submit your table plan requests
before Thursday 30
th
May.
If you fancy being rewarded for your feedback, then why not get involved with either of the following:
feedback on the SU website upgrade
and receive a free SU voucher, or alternatively,
Rate Your Landlord
to be in with the chance of winning a week's rent for free!
In other SU news, please note: there's no POP! in Weeks 4, 5 or 6,
The (Free) Breakfast Club
will be dropping down to Tuesday mornings only for the rest of term due to demand, and the
Fresh & Juicy
fruit and veg stall is back in the atrium on Mondays and Thursdays.
If you'd like some assigned reading that's not for your course (optional, we promise!) then why not check out the
Student Minds Mental Health Manifesto
, or the
Sustainability Team's May Sustainability newsletter
, both linked below.
Have a great week - and once again, good luck with your exams and assignments!
Anna Taylor
President
Liberation Conference
Led by Sophie Clark, Vice President for Democracy & Development and the Decolonise Collective, LibCon 2024 is a resurrection of previous LibCons, featuring a collaborative set of workshops, talks and discussions. Click here to get involved.
Fresh & Juicy is back!
Your favourite fruit & veg stall is back, bringing a burst of flavour and nutrition to Warwick! Pop into The Atrium every Monday & Thursday from 9am-5pm (except for Bank Holidays) and treat yourself to the freshest and most affordable produce on campus.
Pressure Drop x DeStresstival: PG Connections Wellbeing Walk
Join Vaish, your VP Postgraduates, on Wednesday 15th May at 12pm for a wellbeing walk across campus to get outdoors with some fresh air, meet new people, and grab a hot drink and cake from Curiositea on us! Find out more here.
Union Awards: Nominations Close this Friday!
You don't have long left to nominate in this year's Union Awards! You can nominate in the Sports, Societies and Student Voice & Impact Awards until 12pm Noon on Friday 17th May. Don't miss out and click here to nominate!
The (Free) Breakfast Club Update
For the rest of Term 3, The (Free) Breakfast club will be running from 8:30am on Tuesday mornings only. Keep this in mind if you're planning on visiting!
Submit Your Sports Ball Table Plan
You can now submit your table plans for Sports Ball! Click here and follow the instructions to organise your table and dietary requirements. You have until Thursday 30th May to submit your plans, so don't forget!
Trans Activism and Inclusion Conference
Sign ups for our Trans Activism & Inclusion Conference close on Wednesday 22nd May. This free conference is not one you want to miss, and full catering will also be provided! Click here to find out which amazing speakers will be appearing at the conference and to sign up.
Rate Your Landlord and WIN a week's free rent!
For this week only, we’re giving away one week’s free rent! To enter, click here and take a couple of minutes to submit a rating about your renting experience. The process is quick and easy, with just 8 statements to rate your landlord against. Deadline is Sunday 19th May.
We Need Your Help!
Would you like to get involved with upgrading the SU website? We'll be launching a new module soon and we need your thoughts! Attend our testing sessions and receive a free SU voucher. Click here to register your interest.
No POP! Wednesdays in Weeks 4, 5 & 6
This is a reminder that POP! will not be happening in Weeks 4, 5 & 6 due to exams. Discover what other events the SU has in store for you, and we'll see you back in POP! from Week 7!
Student Mental Health Manifesto
Student Minds have developed a manifesto which lays out their vision for how the next government can improve student mental health. It’s ambitious and evidence-led, covering five main themes: Healthcare, Financial Hardship, Higher Education, Inclusive Education and A Mentally Healthier Nation. Read more here.
Sustainability at Warwick: May Newsletter
May's student newsletter for Sustainability at Warwick is here! Discover initiatives, events and opportunities to get involved with environmental sustainability on campus and beyond.
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email