22-23t3week10
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 10 w/c 26th June All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Hello everyone,
I would like to start my final email with some amazing news; thanks to some amazing work by the SU Officer team, an additional
300 students will have free sport access next year!
Please read the link below to find out more.
Following on from the good news, all our Union Awards Winners have now been announced, and it’s time to celebrate
PRIDE!
Starting tomorrow at 2pm we will see Warwick’s first ever Pride festival, with Loud and Proud rounding off proceedings in the evening. You can find details of everything going on below.
Finally, thank you! Students’ Unions can’t work effectively without support and engagement from the whole student body, so thank you to everyone that I have had the pleasure of working with this year, and thank you to everyone who has worked hard to improve the student experience at Warwick.
You may not always see everything that the Officers and staff do at the Union, but in the last two years I’ve seen nothing but passion to create positive change. The Union is in very safe hands next year with Anna as your President, and your future Officer team, and I can’t wait to see what they can achieve together.
For the last time, I hope you have an awesome week and get the chance to relax over summer.
Will Brewer
SU President
Warwick presents... Pride! #WeAllBelong
In collaboration with the Rainbow Taskforce and Students’ Union, Warwick Presents hosts Warwick’s first pride festival for a day of fun! There will be fabulous drag performances throughout the day, with the fabulous Ginny Lemon (RuPaul’s Drag Race UK) headlining, as well as food stalls, fairground activities, photobooth and more!
Loud and Proud
It's the final Loud & Proud of the year! On Tuesday 27th June you can enjoy Warwick University's first every Pride festival all day in the Piazza, and carry on the party from 10pm in Copper Rooms 2! £3 entry.
Union Awards Winners
Over the past few weeks, we’ve been celebrating our amazing students at The Union Awards. Combining Sports, Societies and Student Voice & Impact, check out the worthy winners!
300 Students to have Free Sport Access
Warwick SU and Warwick Sport are proud to announce that next year students from the Warwick Scholars undergraduate programme will have access to a gym and swim membership at the Sports Hub, and will not have to pay to join a student sports club.
Summer Vacation Hours
It’s the last week of term! If you're sticking around over summer, our Advice Centre and outlets are still open if you want to talk to someone, grab a drink, meal or snack! Check out our opening hours over summer.
Extra Waste Collection
There will be an extra bin collection in Leamington on Saturday 1st July (the last Saturday after term finishes). Please put your refuse out as you normally would on the day of collection. If you have any questions about this collection, please email: community@warwick.ac.uk.
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email