25-26t1week1
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Week 1
W/C 6th October
View Online version
Your Weekly Newsletter
Dear Warwick students,
I haven’t emailed for a while – but what better time for me to return than the start of a new academic year and as your SU President?
Welcome to Warwick, whether you’re just beginning or returning – this is your community, and I’ll be around campus to listen, chat, and fight for the changes you want to see. This week, nominations and voting are open for
Autumn Elections
, and our
Make a Change
platform is live for you to submit ideas we can turn into action.
The SU is only as powerful as the students who engage with it – so step in, speak up, and let’s shape this year together.
In service of your voice, always,
Alijah Taha
Your President
Warwick Students’ Union
Meet Your Officers
Each year, the student body elects seven Full-Time Student Officers to lead the Students' Union. These Officers work alongside our dedicated staff team to deliver a wealth of services for you. Find out more about them here, along with our other various elected leaders.
Learn More
Black History Month: 'Standing Firm in Power and Pride'
October is Black History Month, which aims to celebrate the contributions of black people to British society. This year, the theme highlights the profound contributions made by black people who have shaped history, while also looking towards a future of continued empowerment, unity, and growth.
Learn More
Sports Bursary
We know the cost of sport can be difficult to afford for some, so we've opened the VP Sports Bursary! If you'd like to apply for funding to cover the cost of Sports Club membership, tap below to fill out the form. Deadline is 11:45pm on Wednesday 8th October.
Learn More
World Mental Health Day Fair
For World Mental Health Day this Friday, Ollie (VP Welfare & Campaigns) will be hosting a Fair in the Atrium, signposting the various support services available for students. There'll also be two 'Tea & Talk' sessions in the Kevin Gately Room - a safe space where you can unwind.
Learn More
Make a Change
Have you got a fantastic idea for change in your SU, University or local community? Submit your idea via our new Make A Change platform!
Learn More
Grab Your Term 1 Tickets!
Term 1 tickets are now on sale! Secure your space for POP!, Skool Dayz and our spooooky Halloween Ball!
Learn More
Join Tandem!
Tandem is the new student-only app bringing everything social at Warwick into one place. Discover societies, sports and events tailored to your interests, and instantly connect with like-minded students.
Learn More
Stay safe and connected with SafeZone
SafeZone is the University's new free safety app, designed to give you quick, direct access to help and key safety features while on campus – all at your fingertips.
Learn More
Warwick Sustainability: Moth Survey Extravaganza
Join the moth extravaganza on Tuesday 7th October from 7pm and Wednesday 7th October from 9am! Learn more about moths through hands-on activities and contribute to your Warwick Award!
Learn More
Warwick Sustainability: Harvest Mouse Survey
Join the first ever harvest mouse nest survey on campus on Sunday 10th October from 10am. Find out more about Britain's smallest rodent, and contribute to your Warwick Award!
Learn More
More links
Your Union
What's On
Help & Support
Contact Us
Translate this email
Charity & Company Details
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL