22-23-welcome-week
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Welcome Week at Warwick SU
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
It's Welcome Week!
On behalf of the staff and Student Officers at Warwick SU, we’d like to offer you a warm welcome if you’re new to Warwick this year. Check out
this welcome video
to see what we're all about! We can’t wait to meet you and hope that you’ll get involved with all of the fantastic events and services we have available for you.
If you’re a returning student, welcome back! We really hope you’ll enjoy the variety of exciting activities we’ve organised for you to take part in. Our events and activities are open to all students, so be sure to check out what’s on below!
Whether you’re new to Warwick or have been studying here for years, the SU is here to offer you support, representation and social activities, helping to make your university journey the best that it can be.
Follow us on
Instagram
,
Facebook
and
Twitter
to keep up to date, with the latest news, events, activities and competitions!
We hope you have a brilliant week.
Welcome Fair
Our Welcome Fair is happening today and tomorrow! Head over to the SU’s Atrium building to see offers from our student-friendly partners. There's food, freebies, vouchers and some great student opportunities. Say hello to the Warwick SU team on our stand – we’re giving away some incredible prizes!
Welcome Week Events
There’s plenty going on this week to help you meet new people, from our fantastic evening events to our day-time Meet & Greets. Check out all that’s happening here. Don’t forget, there are still tickets available for some of our evening events, as well as Welcome and Annual Passes!
Societies Fair
With over 250 student-run societies to choose from, joining a society is a great to way make friends that will last a lifetime. Come along to the Societies Fair happening this Wednesday and Thursday, from 10am-5pm in the Sports and Wellness Hub.
Sports Fair
Fancy joining a sports club? Our Sports Fair is happening this Tuesday from 10am-5pm in the Sports and Wellness Hub! Discover all the sports clubs available at the SU, chat with current members and find out how to join.
Term 1 Events
The SU offers a great range of events and activities all year round. With club nights covering a multitude of music genres, to karaoke parties and comedy nights, there’s always something for you. Set your alarms - tickets go on sale this Wednesday at 12 noon!
SU Advice Centre
The SU Advice Centre offers practical advice and support on a range of enquiries, including academic, housing, money, health and wellbeing. If you need some advice, contact our friendly team here or visit us on the SU stand this week, outside of the SU building!
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us