23-24t1week6
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Warwick SU week 6 (w/c 6th November) All Member Email
View Online version
Student Voice
Societies & Sports
Advice
Campaigns & Communities
Events
Morning all!
Welcome to a sunny Week 6 - and
congratulations
for making it half way through term! Whether you're ploughing on with teaching, or using reading week to get ahead on reading and plan your essays, the SU is sending productive vibes your way??
We've got a bunch of things on this week to keep you all busy - starting with the Student Feedback Survey! The survey takes 15 minutes and gives you the chance to give the university and SU an insight into your experience at Warwick so we can keep getting better - we'd really appreciate any feedback!
In our campaign space, join our VP for Postgraduates, Vash, in the Green Room tomorrow, to make Rangoli and Diwali lanterns ahead of the 12th. Our free Women and Non-Binary Self Defence classes continue on this Tuesday evening as well, followed by a social on Friday as part of our Stand Up to Islamophobia Campaign.
If you'd like to let off some of that academic steam, never fear: we have our staple Quackstar Karaoke at the Duck and POP! on Wednesday, followed by our Cleverducks Quiz on Thursday. If you're around on Friday then join us for Juicy at the Terrace Bar, for a night of RnB and Hip Hop music!
Have a good week, everyone!
Anna Taylor
SU President
Diwali Crafts
Join us from 12pm-3pm in The Green Room on 7th November and create your own Rangoli art, Diwali lanterns, and Mehndi designs to celebrate Diwali with your VP for Postgraduates, Vaishnavi!
Stand Up Against Islamophobia
Through our Stand Up Against Islamophobia campaign and for Islamophobia Awareness Month, the SU will be hosting a number of events, including a social on Friday 24th November from 5pm-7pm in Kevin Gately. Find out more here.
Student Feedback Survey
Your voice matters! Help shape the future of the student experience at Warwick by completing the Student Feedback Survey today. The survey takes just 15 minutes to complete, and you could win 1 of 16 Amazon vouchers!
Women and Non-Binary Self-Defence Classes
These classes will equip you with the skills needed for self-defence and boosting confidence, drawing on a range of martial arts and combat sports. The classes are completely free to attend; there are a maximum capacity of 40 spaces for each class, allocated on a first-come, first-serve basis.
Week 6 POP!
Sometimes you don't want a sophisticated night out - all you really crave are pure, unadulterated and unapologetic pop bangers with a twist of guilty pleasures. Buy your tickets for this Wednesday now!
Juicy
Join us every Friday night in the Terrace bar for the biggest RnB, Hip Hop and UK Urban beats. Fresh and classic throwbacks meet an excellent cocktail menu to delight your ears and tantalise your tastebuds!
Quackstar Karaoke
Voice of an angel or... well, honk of a Duck? Either way, put your vocal chords to good use at our weekly karaoke event, Wednesday in the Dirty Duck!
Cleverducks Quiz
Do you and your mates fancy yourselves as Cleverducks? It's time to make feathers fly and put that brain power to the test at our weekly quiz, Thursday in the Dirty Duck...early attendance is suggested as seats go quickly!
What's On
TOTUM Discounts
® © Warwick SU Gibbet Hill Road,
Coventry, CV4 7AL
Charity & Company Details
Contact Us
Translate this email