Warwick Nightline
Skip to content
We
‘
re closed tonight
Unfortunately, our service is closed tonight – if you would like someone to talk to tonight, you can contact the Samaritans on 116 123
———————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
Term time opening hours:
Due to limited numbers, we unfortunately cannot be open every night at the moment. Check our Instagram page for more information on what services are available tonight via our stories/highlights. We’re really sorry, and we hope to be able to be open more often soon.
Monday to Friday, 9pm-9am (subject to availability):
We are available through calls and we will also be providing free products from our building (located between New and Old Rootes).
Saturday and Sunday, 9pm-1am (subject to availability):
We are available through our instant messaging service
We are also available through emails
every day
(replies within 48 hours)
These days are subject to change, so please check our social media for live updates
Call
02476-522-199
02476-574-322
Mon-Fri, 9pm-9am
Drop In
We aren’t open for drop-ins, however we do provide free products at our building.
Mon-Fri, 9pm-9am
Instant Messaging
Contact us
here
Sat-Sun, 9pm-1am
Email
nightline@warwick.ac.uk
Email is always open, even during the holidays
About Us
Nightline is a student-run, confidential, and non-judgmental peer-to-peer support listening service. It is open from 9pm to 9am every night of term and our trained volunteers are happy to listen to anything you may wish to discuss. Nothing is too difficult or too trivial to be worth mentioning.
You don’t have to have a problem to speak to us. We do our best to be approachable and we would never think less of someone because they wanted to talk; after all, that’s why we’re here. Don’t worry if you feel uncomfortable discussing personal matters, because we won’t push you to tell us anything you don’t want to – but know that you really can talk to us about whatever you like and this will be held in the strictest of confidence.
We are simply here to listen.
We also provide pregnancy tests, attack alarms, condoms, tampons, sanitary towels, lube and earplugs for free.