Supporting Parents & Carers
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Campaigns
>
Associations & Community Hubs
>
Supporting Parents & Carers
Supporting Parents & Carers
Parent & Carers Network
We know that there are unique challenges for students who are also parents or carers alongsode their studies. We want to work with you to ensure that you have a supported and enriched university experience, whatever your level or mode of study.
Get-togethers
Parents and carers, and their families, are invited to join us in The Graduate for a half-termly get together. All welcome!
Have a bite to eat, and get involved in family-friendly activities, while you meet with like-minded students, and staff members from Warwick SU and the University. This is a great opportunity to get to know your peers, and ask the questions you’ve been meaning to ask helpful folks from the SU and University.
Between times, you can
connect with other student parents and carers in our Facebook group
.
Register for Updates
Supporting Parents and Carers
Please log in to change your memberships.
Useful Resources
Funding For Students who are Parents
You may be eligible for
a Government childcare grant
if you are a full-time student with children undre the age of 15 (or under 17 if they have special educational needs). The grant does not have to be paid back, and is paid on top of any other student finance payments you receive.
You may also be eligible for
Parents' Learning Allowance
if you're a full-time student with children. How much you are entitled to depends on your household income. The allowance does not need to be paid back, is paid on top of any other student finance payments, and will not affect any benefits or tax credit you receive.
If you would like support identifying funding you are eligible for, please contact the
SU Advice Centre.
Studying with Children at Home
Here are some resources to support you studying at home with children:
The Library's toolkit of productivity tools
OurWarwick blogs by student parents
Jules Sparkles
and
Maura Murray-Reeves
"How to Study with Children Around: 17 Stories from Moms and Dads"
"Studying with Kids Underfoot"
"7 Tips for Studying at Home with Kids"
"Tips for Working or Studying from Home - with Kids in the House"
Home-Schooling in Lockdown
If you are taking on some home-schooling responsibilities, or would simply like to engage with your children using educational activities, you might like to explore:
The BBC's curriculum-based programming
The Washington Post's "ultimate parents' guide to summer activity resources"
Primary Science Teaching's "Starters for Science"
TechRadar's round-up of "the best free homeschooling resources 2021"
Nursery Facilities
The University runs a
nursery
for students and staff members whose children are between 3 months and 5 years. There may be quite a long waiting list for places, as the nursery is a very popular service.
International students may be able to access the
International Students Childcare Fees Remission Scheme
in order to help pay for nursery fees, while Home students might be able to access one of the University's
Hardship Funds
.
Holiday Scheme
The University runs a Holiday Scheme for ages 5-14 during the February, Easter, and Summer holidays. Sessions run 8am-6pm at the Warwick campus, with a huge range of activities offered to children taking part.
Multiple discounts are available, including an "Early University Discount", "Sibling Discount", and "Five Session Discount". If you're booking before 4th March for the Easter Holiday Scheme, you'll be eligible for the Early University Discount. The Holiday Scheme accepts childcare vouchers.
Information and bookings can be found
here
.
Expression Rooms
If you're breastfeeding and need a room to express milk, there are several
available to use
at Warwick:
University House (contact University House reception to book)
The Nursery
Gibbet Hill (Family and Reflection room)
Social Sciences (book
here
)
The Library (baby changing facilities on the ground floor, due a refurbishment in 2018)
University Pregnancy, Adoption, Maternity and Paternity Guidelines
The University's pregnancy and maternity guidelines haven't been updated since 2014, but you can find the current policy
here
.
If you're an RCUK funded student,
this briefing
might be of use to you. All RCUK funded students are entitled to one full year (52 weeks) of maternity leave which includes 26 weeks of maternity leave on full stipend, followed by 13 weeks of pay at a level commensurate with employee entitlements of statutory maternity pay, and a final 13 weeks of unpaid leave. Adoption leave is granted on the same basis. Two weeks of paid paternity leave is provided. There are lots of other options for taking leave, so check with your funding provider.
Carers
If you're a student with caring responsibilities,
Student Support
can provide you with support during your time at Warwick, as can Warwick SU's Advice Centre.
The NUS published a report on the experiences of students with caring responsibilities, in 2013. You can read the full report
here
.
Your Personal Tutor should be a point of support and signposting for you. If you find you need to take a period of
Temporary Withdrawal
, or submit
Mitigating Circumstances
for an assignment, your Personal Tutor, the Advice Centre, and Student Support can all help.