Pressure Drop
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Active Campaigns
Funding
Start a Campaign
Campaigns
>
Campaigns
>
Archived Campaigns
>
Welfare
>
Pressure Drop
Pressure Drop
More pages
Active Campaigns
Funding
Start a Campaign
Let the pressure drop this exam season...
#PressureDrop
The SU has once again partnered with Warwick Sport and the Active Wellbeing Team to collaborate on Pressure Drop x DeStresstival,
to bring you a festival of exciting, unique and relaxing events during exam season!
De-Stresstival
The Active Wellbeing Team will be hosting a cross-campus festival focused on mindfulness, relaxation and de-stressing, during the summer exam period. We recognise how taxing exams can be on your wellbeing, so we want to give students an opportunity to unwind and decompress. Whether it's trying out a new sport, participating in relaxing craft activities or enjoying some free refreshments, you can take your mind off exams and let the pressure drop!
You can also bring your friends, make new ones and/or attend solo!
More information about DeStresstival, including a full list of events, can be found
here
.
Pressure Drop Events
Details for the specific events that the SU will be hosting as part of Pressure Drop can be found below!
Pressure Drop Events
For any questions about these events, please email
studentvoice@warwicksu.com
.
Revision Resources
There are loads of great resources out there to help you plan your revision, stay on track, and have fun whilst doing it! You can find some of these resources below.
Study skills guidance
Revision timetable - something a little prettier!
Cosmopolitan's 12 tips & ideas for revision timetables
Revision topic tracker
Reading list tracker
Self-care checklist
Like to study to music?
Check out some recommended playlists for studying to.
Here you can find some focus-enhancing piano music to keep you motivated during your study sessions.
Wellbeing Services have also compiled resources on
concentration
,
motivation
,
procrastination
, and
work-life balance
which you may find useful.
Take A Break
Taking regular breaks from revision benefits your performance and your wellbeing. Outside of Pressure Drop, the SU organises regular events throughout term, which you can find here
on the SU event list
. You can also find specific Campaigns and Communities events
here
Outside of DeStresstival, the university also host regular events. You can find a full list of upcoming university events
here
.
If there are no events taking place at the SU or university whilst you need a break, you can find out more about what’s happening locally in Coventry
here
and wider Warwickshire
here
.
Studying at Home
We recognise that studying at home is not ideal for everyone, and can pose challenges for your concentration, productivity and mental health.
We recommend reading MHFA England's
guide to supporting your mental health while working from home
, which includes helpful tips about setting a routine, organising your workspace, and staying connected.
Scroll to the bottom of the page for Warwick students' tips!
Managing Exam Stress & Anxiety
Student Minds have created
an excellent guide to managing exam stress
.
The SAM App
helps you to understand and manage anxiety, developed in collaboration with a research team from the University of West England, Bristol.
You can also check out
Save The Student's top 10 tips to beat exam stress
.
Please seek help if you feel like you cannot cope with exam stress at any time. The
SU Advice Centre
,
University Wellbeing Support Services
and
University Chaplaincy Service
are here for you, as are external organisations such as
Samaritans
and
PAPYRUS' suicide helpline HOPELINEUK
.
If you identify with a specific marginalised community, and would like to seek mental health and wellbeing support from a service that is run by the specific community, there are numerous external services that you could contact. You can find a list
here
.
Study Drugs
At the SU we encourage students to always make informed decisions in order to ensure students’ safety and have therefore compiled a list of resources on the three most commonly used ‘Study Drugs’ at Warwick, in addition to listing productive alternatives to study drugs.
We'd also encourage you to read
our study drug safety tips
before using any study drugs.
A survey of 250 students conducted by The Boar found that 40% of students at Warwick had considered taking study drugs (nootropics) before and just over half of respondents said they would take study drugs to increase productivity.
The survey sought to find out the circumstance, frequency and types of study drugs used by students at Warwick. The survey found that 12.4% of students admitted to having taken study drugs in the past. The most popular time for this, as answered by 48% of students, is that they would only take study drugs around important deadlines and exams. The most common study drugs used by participants were modafinil/ritalin, followed by adderall.
Ritalin
Ritalin is a stimulant and a medication used to treat Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
Read more about it, including how it feels, the risks, and the law, at Talk to Frank.
Modafinil
Modafinil is a drug used to promote wakefulness in patients with excessive sleepiness.
Read more about it, including potential side effects, and how it interacts with the contraceptive pill here.
Adderall
Adderall is a combination of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine which is used primarily to treat symptoms of Attention Deficity Hyperactivity Disorder.
Read more about how it works, its effects, and signs of overdose here.
All three of the above drugs are prescription only.
Read here about the legal guidelines for both possessing and dealing these drugs without a prescription.
Alternatives to Improving Memory, Focus and Overall Revision
"13 Questions to Improve Revision"
"Sleep - A Powerful Revision Technique"
Support relating to addiction & dependency
Recovery’s drug & alcohol addiction helpline
Mind’s directory of addiction & dependency support
DrinkAware’s alcohol support services directory
NHS’ ‘Drug addiction: getting help’
Local support - Coventry & Warwickshire:
CGL Coventry
CGL Warwickshire
Cocaine Anonymous meetings list
Alcoholics Anonymous meeting list
Narcotics Anonymous meeting list
Coventry Recovery Community CIC
Confidential Support & Advice
SU Advice Centre
The SU Advice Centre Team is extremely experienced and will help you resolve your problem or find the right person to talk to. The service is provided free to all students of Warwick University and is confidential, impartial and non-judgmental. We are also independent of the University.
Contact us on
advice@warwicksu.com
024 765 72824
University Wellbeing & Support Services
Wellbeing Support Services
provide a range of support to help you develop the personal resources and skills you need to navigate the challenges and opportunities of student life.
Academic Issues
If you have an academic concern, including related to the university's examination timetable or mitigating circumstances, please contact your department. They can also support you through deferral of examinations if you feel that you'll be unable to complete your exams this summer.
You can find copies of the
university's student newsletters
online, which will include essential updates about examinations. PGR students should look to the
Doctoral College webpage
for updates.
If you would like support in relation to any of the above, we would encourage you to contact the
SU Advice Centre
.