Safer Warwick
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Active Campaigns
Funding
Start a Campaign
Campaigns
>
Campaigns
>
Active Campaigns
>
Safer Warwick
Safer Warwick
More pages
Active Campaigns
Funding
Start a Campaign
No one should ever feel unsafe on campus, off campus, or anywhere in between.
At Warwick, students have long spoken up about issues of safety, from poor lighting and feeling vulnerable at night, to the serious impacts of harassment, sexism and rape culture. The
Safer Warwick
campaign brings together this ongoing work which is driven by students and supported by the SU to push for real, lasting change.
This section of the website is here to keep you informed. You’ll find:
What’s already been done
to improve student safety
What’s currently in progress or planned next
Resources and support
available if you’ve experienced or witnessed something, or just want to get involved
Safer Warwick is about action, accountability, and making sure every student can live, study, and enjoy campus life without fear. And to ensure we hear your concerns, in collaboration with the University we conduct a  'Safer@Warwick' survey every three years, with the next one's coming up in 2026! I
The first survey ran in November 2023, where we heard from 1,269 students.
Watch our 'You Said, We Did' video
! and read the summary below of the main outcomes:
You said:
93% of students felt safe on campus. That number drops to 69% at nighttime, with 13% feeling unsafe. Women, LGBTQUA+ and disabled students score lower across the board. Students said that better lighting, increased visibility of the community safety team and increased signposting would help them feel safer.
At night, over 95% of students felt safe in academic buildings and in their accommodation. Students relatively felt the least safe in pubs, bars and clubs in Coventry (49% felt unsafe) and Leamington Spa (27% felt unsafe). At the SU, 85% of students felt safe in the Copper Rooms and 90% felt safe in our Terrace Bar. Having read through each concern, a few themes emerged, such as the loud environment and drinking culture, security, and fears of sexual harassment and spiking.
See our joint update with the University here:
https://warwick.ac.uk/students/news/newsevents/safer-at-warwick-thank-you/
We did:
With the University:
1. Fixed (and added) lights on campus
One of the main concerns highlighted by students in the survey was a lack of adequate lighting or broken lighting in areas on campus, particularly around accommodation blocks. Enaya Nihal, SU President, with the University’s Estates and Community Safety teams, have worked to fix and improve lighting around residential areas on campus, starting with the path between Claycroft and Tesco.
We are now focusing on paths towards Westwood and Gibbet Hill.
There are currently around 2,100 lighting columns or bollards across campus, illuminating the wayfinding routes.
We have upgraded around 300 existing external lights to new LED lights around key pedestrian routes and building entrances.
Gardening teams have been checking all trees, hedges and large shrubs across the whole campus to identify areas where the lights are obstructed.
We are installing new lights in areas previously identified for improvement, moving towards LED lighting to improve reliability and ensure everyone feels safe when moving around campus.
2. Transport
Lighting was also a concern for students around some bus stops on campus, alongside overcrowding around the bus interchange. Students told us about their journeys to and from campus, for example, travelling home after a night out or after a late night studying.
To improve transport safety on campus, we have:
Run additional lighting surveys to ensure that dark spots on roads or pathways identified as part of the survey have been investigated and fixed.
Ensured that estates will carry out further inspections as we go into the darker nights.
Had discussions with Matt Western MP, both National Express and Stagecoach to discuss the findings of the survey, and are working with them on how to better highlight what people can do on a bus if they are feeling unsafe.
We are independently monitoring the bus interchange following concerns around queuing management at peak hours to better understand the issues, and improvements that can be made.
3. We got
SafeZone
on campus with Community Safety!
We're incredibly excited to announce that we have successfully been able to get the SafeZone App available for everyone (students and staff) to download! You can now access First Aid, Emergency Sevices and Check-Ins on your way home. Whether you're working alone or find yourself feeling unsafe, you will now be one click away from having someone on call with you. Click here to find out more -
SafeZone
· One tap for help – Need assistance? You can alert our Community Safety team instantly and share your exact location.
· 24/7 safety support – Day or night, on campus, SafeZone’s got you covered with emergency help, first aid, and non-emergency support.
· Studying alone? Check in! – You can let the Community Safety team know where you are when studying late or solo, so they can look out for you.
· Get instant safety alerts – Stay updated with real-time campus alerts and safety updates.
· You’re in control – Your data is protected. Your location is only shared
if
you raise an alert, check in, or submit a report.
The app is now live to a small group of Warwick students, and it’s your chance to be one of the first to try it!
Register using your Warwick email address to access the full range of campus features: · Download on the
App Store (iOS)
or Download on
Google Play (Android)
.
As a Union:
1. Certified the Copper Rooms and Terrace Bar as Safe Places by the Egalitarian, ensuring that we have the latest training on tackling spiking, rape culture, sexual harassment, domestic abuse and more.
2. Received L.I.S.T.E.N. disclosure training from EmilyTest with the report + support team.
3. Delivered Welfare training to all social secretaries and presidents who circle in our venues.
4. Continued our free Women's Self Defence Classes with combat sports clubs and Warwick Sport. Enaya Nihal (Women's Officer 2022/23, VP Welfare and Campaigns 2023/24, and President 2024/25) and Emma Birch (VP Sports 2022/23-2023/24) launched and made the Women's self-defence classes free and permanent! They are run by combat sports clubs and coaches each week. *Note, they did not run throughout 2024/25 but will be back for Term 1 of 25/26! Please email Louis.Gosling@warwicksu.com for more information*
5. Introduced sober events like That Friday Feeling! so all students felt welcome in our spaces.
6. Delivered signposting and disclosure training to hundreds of exec members.
7. Provided hundreds of free personal safety alarms out to students during outreach events, including SHaGFest
8. Relaunched the 16 Days of Activism Against Gender Based Violence campaign in 2023, which runs from 25th of November until the 10th of December. We planned a social media campaign alongside in-person events, including workshops on identifying red flags and how you can support friends you know are struggling.
9. Published all the training our door staff undertake:
Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training,
Mental Health First Aid,
SIA Accreditation,
DBS,
Report & Support Training,
Loop Drugs Use in the Night Time Economy Training,
Good Night Out Training,
First Aid at Work,
ACT (Action Counters Terrorism) Training,
Ask for Angela,
Warwick SU Induction,
Personal Licencing,
The Egalitarian Safe Space Project Training & Certification (2024)
Best Bar None (2025)
With our external partners we have:
Worked with Warwickshire District Council to launch the Safe Space in Leamington! All members of the community can access the space at the entrance to Jephson Gardens every Friday from 10pm to 4am- we are trying to extend the offering to Saturday nights, too.
Been in conversations with Coventry City Council to discuss lighting, the Purple flag scheme, venue certifications and transport links at night, as that is where students feel most unsafe in the local area - with representation on their Nighttime Economy Steering Group!
Next Steps:
We're looking at pushing the University and local institutions further to ensure that students feel safe on nights out. This includes:
Re-launch a late-night taxi or bus service from campus to Coventry and advocate for the return of the West Midlands On-Demand Bus Service towards Warwickshire
Work with the University to meet further student demands around safety on campus (for example, providing personal safety alarms and blinds in on-campus accommodation).
Push the University to adopt Safezone or an equivalent app, to centralise support services that students can access anytime, whether they are on or off campus.
Please reach out to the following if you need support:
Our Sexpression Society have created this very useful infographic about Domestic Abuse & Sexual Violence Resources that are accessible both on campus and off campus. Find out more about the
Sexpression Warwick Society here
Report + Support
:
https://reportandsupport.warwick.ac.uk/
SU Advice Centre
:
https://www.warwicksu.com/help-support/contact/
Wellbeing
:
https://warwick.ac.uk/services/wss/
How to get involved:
We're using surveys (the Safer Warwick one every 3 years, as well as safety-related questions in every Student Feedback Survey) and focus groups to gauge our impact, and we'll collaborate with the SU and University for more focused safety assessments.
Join us in making Warwick a safer place for everyone! No matter what your background or experiences have been, we can all work together to create a safer campus. Get in touch via email here:
Enaya.Nihal@warwicksu.com
or Becci.Burrows-Watson@warwicksu.com once I'm done! Thank you for reading this far.
Other Safer Warwick projects