Scrutiny Panel
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
Student Voice
>
Scrutiny Panel
Scrutiny Panel
The Scrutiny Panel is a group of students, elected from the SU’s Forums, who provide constructive feedback to the Full-Time Officers whilst holding them to account on their collective and individual priorities and achievements.
Key information about the Scrutiny Panel can be found below. For further detailed information, you can refer to the
SU’s Byelaws
.
How Does the Scrutiny Panel Work?
The Scrutiny Panel meets with the Full-Time Officers once a term in a closed meeting, and here is where they provide their feedback and ask questions.
Before each meeting, the Officers write a report about their progress on their priorities and achievements. These reports are then circulated to the Scrutiny Panel members, to help the Panel to collate their feedback and questions.
The Panel provides a short report at the following Student Council meeting about the Officer’s overall progress as an Officer Team.
What is the Purpose of the Scrutiny Panel?
The role of the Scrutiny Panel is to ensure that all Full-Time Officers are being held to account, working collaboratively, performing in their role, and offer constructive feedback for improvement.
Who Can Be On The Scrutiny Panel and How Can I Join?
Scrutiny Panel members are elected. Elections for the Panel take place once each term (hence there is a different panel each term). To nominate to be part of the Panel, you must be part of an
SU Forum
. Elections for the SU Forums take place in the Autumn Term.
The key dates for the elections can be found in the next section below.
When Do the Scrutiny Panel Meetings Take Place?
This year, the Scrutiny Panel and Officers will meet on the following dates:
Term 2 TBD
Term 3 TBD
Dates for Student Council (where the Panel provide a short report) can be found
here
.
Scrutiny Panel Updates
See below for some useful updates from the Officer Team and Scrutiny Panel members about the Scrutiny Panel.
This section will be updated soon after each Panel meeting, so do keep checking back for updates!