Student Trustee
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
Annual Reports
Strategic Plan
Financial Statements
Governance & Governing Documents
Charity Commission
Trustee Board
Meeting Dates
Role Details
Policies
Your Union
>
How The SU Works
>
Trustees
>
Student Trustee
Student Trustee
More pages
Annual Reports
Strategic Plan
Financial Statements
Governance & Governing Documents
Charity Commission
Go to
Trustee Board
Meeting Dates
Role Details
Policies
Student Trustee Recruitment
We are looking for enthusiastic, committed, and reliable individuals to fill the role of Student Trustee and join our Board for a 2-year period from 1st August 2026. This is an exciting voluntary role which can be undertaken alongside your studies, help you to develop valuable skills and increase your employability, all whilst representing the views of Warwick students.
Want to find out more?
We have put together a
Student Trustee Pack
that contains information about Warwick SU, our strategic direction and, most importantly, more information about the role of a Student Trustee.
A Word version of the pack is available here.
If there is any information we can provide to help you make a decision to apply, please do get in touch by contacting Louise Marjoram, Director of Membership,
louise.marjoram@warwicksu.com
for an informal conversation.
The Process
The appointment of new Student Trustees is via application, assessment centre and interview. The application process is open until midday on Monday 16th March, the Assessment Centre will be during week commencing 5th May, and interviews will be w/c 11th May.
About the role
We are currently looking for new Student Trustees who will be appointed for a period of two years starting in August 2026. If you are only here for one year, you can still apply, as we will re-advertise your role when it becomes vacant.
Our Trustee Board is made up of a mixture of our elected Student Officers, Lay Trustees and Student Trustees with a variety of skills, backgrounds and experience that help us to create a diverse Board, capable of making sound decisions for the benefit of our student members.
Student Trustees who sit on the Trustee Board for WSU have the same rights and responsibilities as the other members of the Trustee Board. However, they will not be involved in the day-to-day running of the Students' Union, rather taking an overview of how the Union is performing both financially and strategically, and in delivering services to students.
Eligibility
Becoming a Student Trustee is a fantastic way to get involved in the strategic direction of the SU and a great opportunity to build skills and employability. This role is open to all students but you must be registered at the University of Warwick during the 2026/27 academic year whilst undertaking the role.
We are happy to receive applications from all students; undergraduate, postgraduate, home, international, full-time or part-time. We aim to have diverse representation on our Board, and welcome applications from students who have experience of or identify with under-represented and liberation groups.
Application Form
Please complete and submit the form below to apply for the role of Student Trustee.
You will also need to submit the Equality Form
, which you will find below the application form.
Personal Details
Full Name (required)
Address
Mobile (required)
E-mail (required)
Course of study (required)
Do you have any previous Trustee experience?
Yes
No
If yes, please give details
Please tell us how you fulfill the criteria
In each section below, please give a brief outline of how your skills, knowledge and experience fit the criteria. Please give demonstrable examples wherever possible to support your application.
Experience & Background
Please describe how your work experience or volunteering to date is relevant to the role of Trustee.
Key criteria:
Over 18
Experience of voluntary or community activity
Involvement in the wider Warwick University community
An awareness of the areas of work that influence and inform the activities of Warwick Students’ Union
Please limit your response to 2,000 characters including spaces (required):
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
Key criteria:
An understanding of the legal duties, responsibilities and liabilities of trusteeship
Awareness of the systems and structures in, and issues affecting Higher Education
Strategic vision and the ability to develop strategic thinking in others
A commitment to devote the necessary time (approximately 4-8 hours per month), preparation and effort to the proper discharge of the responsibilities of a Trustee
Good, independent, objective judgement
Ability to think creatively and articulate ideas
Ability to work effectively as a member of a team
Please limit your response to
2,000 characters including spaces
(required).
Values, Attitudes & Personal Qualities
Please explain how your personal qualities would support your role as Trustee.
Key criteria:
Commitment to the organisation and its core values
Willingness to exercise leadership when required to do so
Enthusiastic commitment to voluntary and community activity
Acceptance of the seven Nolan principles of public life
Please limit your response to
2,000 characters including spaces
(required).
Why do you want to be a Trustee?
Summarise why you want to be a Trustee and how you feel you could contribute to the Trustees’ work for the Students’ Union.
Please limit your response to
2,000 characters including spaces
(required).
Suitability
Are there any other facts, activities or connections which you feel might be raised in future about your suitability to hold the position of Trustee and Director at Warwick Students’ Union, for example because they present or may present a conflict of interest?
These may include issues such as personal relationships or membership of organisations or other circumstances.
Please limit your response to
2,000 characters including spaces
.
Charity Trustee Declaration
Below is a list of circumstances which may prevent you from becoming a Trustee.
If you are in any doubt about your eligibility to act as a Trustee you should either seek your own legal advice or contact the Charity Commissioners.
You are not allowed to be a Trustee if you:
Are under 18 years of age
Have been convicted at any time of any offence involving deception or dishonesty, unless the conviction is legally regarded as spent
Are an undischarged bankrupt
H
ave made compositions with your creditors and have not been discharged
Have previously been dismissed from employment at the SU
Are not willing to devote the necessary time and effort (usually 4-8 hours per month in early evenings)
Have failed to make payments under the County Court Administrators’ orders
Have at any time been removed by the Charity Commissioners or by the Court in England, Wales or Scotland from being a trustee because of misconduct
A
re disqualified from being a company director
I have read and understood the criteria (above) for being a Trustee and confirm that I am eligible to become a Trustee in the event that I am appointed to the Board of Warwick SU.
Printed Name (required)
Date (required)
Preferred Name
This
Equality Form
should be completed and submitted separately from your application to
peopleteam@warwicksu.com
or by post to Warwick Students’ Union, Gibbet Hill Road, Coventry, CV4 7AL.