FAQs
Home
What's Happening
Events
FAQ
What to know
Welcome Group
Log in
Tickets and passes for Welcome Week events go on sale
here
at noon on
Monday 1st September.
See below for answers to your FAQs - if you have any other questions, post them in our
Freshers
group
or
send us an email
, and we'll do our best to get back to you as soon as
possible
WHAT IS THE STUDENTS’ UNION?
All Warwick students automatically become a member of the Students’ Union upon enrolling at the
University. We are an independent, not-for-profit, charitable organisation which provides
representation, social activities and support
for Warwick students.
WHAT IS ‘WELCOME WEEK’, AND WHEN IS IT?
This takes place between 27th September – 5th October
and is an opportunity for all new students make friends, learn about the SU, and to settle into university life.
WHEN DOES TERM START?
Monday 6th October. However, most departments will be running introductory sessions during Welcome Week,
so make sure you check your departmental timetable for full details! !
WHEN DO TICKETS & PASSES FOR WELCOME WEEK GO ON SALE?
Tickets and passes for Welcome Week events go on sale
here
at noon on Monday 1st September.
WHAT TICKETS & PASSES ARE AVAILABLE?
Freshers Passes are £40, and grant you access to:
27th Sept - Welcome Party
28th Sept - Welcome Party
29th Sept - Big Freshers Ice Breaker
30th Sept - Loud & Proud - or Rep my Flag
1st Oct - Foam Party
2nd Oct - Bollynights/Tamil
3rd Oct - Sonic
Annual Passes are £140, and grant you access to everything the Freshers Pass does, plus every POP! and Skool Dayz for the whole year, our Term 1 one-off events, and the Halloween Ball.
Individual tickets will also be available!
DO I NEED TO BUY TICKETS BEFORE I ARRIVE?
It is highly advisable to do this, as capacity is limited. All events are incredibly popular during the
Welcome period and will likely sell out in advance. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that tickets will
still be available nearer the event date.
WHERE DO I COLLECT MY FRESHERS TICKETS FOR EVENTS AT THE SU?
There's no need to collect anything – tickets/passes are electronic and uploaded directly to your student
card, which you just swipe on the door to gain entry!
I’M UNDER 18. CAN I STILL ATTEND EVENTS?
In line with UK licensing law, students under the age of 18 are not able to attend night-time club events
in The Copper Rooms. However, there are plenty of opportunities for socialising over the Freshers period,
including with your hallmates, coursemates and Clubs & Societies. You are also able to attend events in
The Dirty Duck and Terrace Bar, though obviously you will be required to produce ID at the bar and can be
asked to leave if you consume alcohol.
WHAT’S MY ‘STUDENT NUMBER’ OR UNIVERSITY ID NUMBER?
This is the 7-digit number which will be on all correspondence you receive from the University
(it may be featured as an 8-digit number with the letter ‘u’ at the start).
If you’re a new student starting this year, the number will begin ‘25’.
HOW DO I GET HERE?
Despite the name, the University is NOT located in the town of Warwick or even the county of Warwickshire
- in fact, both are quite a way from campus! The University is actually based in Coventry in the West
Midlands, with the postcode CV4 7AL. If in doubt, check
here
If you’re arriving on the train, Coventry station is a 20 minute bus ride away on the 12X. There’s a bus
stop directly outside the main station concourse which will bring you right to the centre of campus. More
information on bus travel to the University can be found
here
. Taxis are also available
from outside of the station.
CAN I PARK MY CAR ON CAMPUS?
Temporary parking is available for drop-offs and unloading during Arrivals Weekend. If you're a student,
staff permits are not available to you for term-time parking. Please consider alternative modes of
transport where possible and plan your journey in advance.
If you do need to bring your car to campus, there are changes to parking capacity available to students,
and the University have introduced a new
cashless payment method
.
If you're a blue badge holder please see the
accessible parking page
.
ARE TAXIS AVAILABLE ON CAMPUS?
There is a taxi rank situated next to the main Bus Interchange on central campus, with regular cabs
available throughout the day and evening.
WHERE ARE THE NEAREST RAILWAY STATIONS?
Coventry Rail
Station
, approximately four miles from the campus, is the nearest main-line train station to the
University. If you're travelling locally, you may find the nearer, but less frequently served,
Canley Rail Station
or
Tile Hill Rail Station
more
convenient. You can easily reach
Coventry Rail Station
from London
(Euston) and Birmingham, which run regular and frequent services direct to Coventry. From Coventry
Station, there are frequent local
bus services
to the University.
Outside the station, catch the National Express bus 12X which travels onto main campus.
More information on
bus travel to the University can be found here
.
Taxis are also available from outside of the station.
ARE CYCLE FACILITIES AVAILABLE?
Our campus has over 3,500 cycle parking spaces in over 150 locations. We also have shower facilities, and
a network of cycle routes linking campus to the local area. There are storage racks dotted around campus
in key locations but, if you plan on bringing a bike with you, make sure you have it properly tagged and
have a solid metal D-lock to keep it secure. Bikes are also available to hire on a short-term basis.
HOW DO I JOIN SPORTS CLUBS?
Online via the
SU website
. To join a Sports
Club, it’s essential to purchase a Warwick Sport Club Pass, the Sports Federation membership and the club
joining fee. Make sure you come along to the Sports Fair during Welcome Week to find out more! You can
also join at any time throughout the year either online or at SU Reception
HOW DO I JOIN SOCIETIES?
Online via the
SU website
- a one-year membership to the SU’s Societies Federation costs £16
(£8 for Postgraduates), and this money helps to provide the infrastructure,
funding, staffing, training and support services which our clubs require to function.
Once you’ve become a member of Socs Fed, you can then feel free to join as many of our societies as you like
– make sure you come along to the Societies Fair during Welcome Week to find out more!
You can also join at any time throughout the year either online or at SU Reception.
WHERE’S THE BEST PLACE TO BUY FOOD?
There are supermarkets on campus and close-by in Cannon Park. Make sure you check them all out, as prices
do vary, and find what’s right for you. Tesco is the biggest and closest but, for cheaper options, look at
Aldi or Iceland. You can also do online shopping which delivers to your door, but these often have minimum
order amounts and delivery costs, so try doing it with your flatmates. Be sure to check how much fridge
space you have before you buy your food, as fridge, freezer and cupboard space can be very limited!
WHERE ARE THE BEST PLACES TO EAT ON CAMPUS?
The Students' Union has three food and drink outlets: The Dirty Duck serves classic pub grub from noon
til late, The Food Station offers freshly prepared-to-order baguettes, vegan food and burritos made just how you
like them, whilst Curiositea is the place to go for freshly ground coffee, loose leaf tea, ice cream
shakes, amazing cakes, smoothies and paninis.
We offer an exceptional range of vegan and vegetarian options in all our outlets, under the Ethical Eats
Ethos, and our ‘free from’ menus cater for all other dietary requirements.
WHERE DO I DO MY LAUNDRY?
Most accommodation blocks have a Laundry Room in the building, whereas others have a room close by. You
can find details
here
.
WHAT JOBS ARE AVAILABLE AT THE SU?
The Students’ Union employs over 250 student staff in its different outlets, with flexible shifts
available throughout the year. Keep an eye on
www.warwicksu.com/your-union/opportunities/jobs
for more info
when it’s released!
WHAT’S THE UNIVERSITY’S POLICY ON DRUGS?
The University has a zero-tolerance policy regarding drugs on campus. Please be aware that if you’re
caught smoking cannabis or taking any other illegal drugs in halls, you are liable to be kicked out!
In line with UK law, all buildings on campus are also non-smoking. Please note that campus hall rooms
also have built-in smoke alarms, and you will NOT be popular with your fellow hall-mates if you set them
off!
STAYING SAFE AT WARWICK
The SU works with students and the Uni to improve safety and tackle issues like poor lighting, harassment, and more.
Find out
here
how we're keeping you safe and download the new
SafeZone app
now!