Annual Pass
Home
What's Happening
Events
FAQ
What to know
Welcome Group
Log in
If you’re feeling especially hardcore, the ANNUAL PASS gets you into every SU Ents-promoted event at The Copper Rooms for the entire academic year (subject to a few exceptions, which are explained below). If you’re based on campus and intend to make the most of your time here, it’s an ideal way to take care of your social needs in one fell swoop!
Annual Passes and individual event tickets go on sale at Noon on the 1st September. Click the button below to add to your basket.
This product is not on sale.
In order to purchase tickets or passes, you will need to have enrolled and set up an IT account with the University (
details of how to do this can be found here
). Once you’ve done this, you can use your details to log in to the Students’ Union website!
Costing £140, the Annual Pass covers everything the Freshers Pass does, plus much more besides. So, for Welcome Week that’s the Big Freshers Ice Breaker, Loud & Proud, Rep my Flag, Foam Party, Bollynights/Tamil and Sonic, PLUS, every POP! and Skool Dayz for the whole year, our Term 1 one-off events, and the Halloween Ball.
Aside from potentially saving you a load of money on individual entry-fees, the other big advantage is that you won’t need to buy any individual event tickets – they’re all ‘built in’ to the pass, so you simply swipe your University Card on the door, and it’ll get you in.
General Terms and Conditions
Please note that if we run a live gig or large event which we anticipate will sell out, we may ask you to register your attendance in advance by ‘purchasing’ a free Registration ticket via the SU website – However, we will email all Annual Pass-holders in advance to notify them that this will be the case.
Our ticketing system is completely electronic, and all information is stored on your University card (which we swipe on the door).
Tickets to all events are automatically ‘built in’ to your Uni card,
so you don’t need to purchase any additional tickets unless you intend to bring a guest with you. However, for identification purposes you must bring your University card to every event you wish to attend, and guests must also have legally acceptable photo ID (e.g. passport, driving license) to be admitted.
Annual Pass event tickets are non-refundable and non-transferrable – i.e., you cannot lend your student card to anyone else or ‘sell’ tickets on for transfer to another student’s card. Please note that anyone other than the original Annual Pass purchaser will be denied entry to the venue if attempting to gain access using a University Card that isn’t theirs!
Unfortunately, students under the age of 18 are NOT able to attend night-time club events in The Copper Rooms. While we apologise for the disappointment this will cause to the minority of you who are affected by this issue, it is strictly a legal requirement - in line with UK licensing law, it is illegal to admit under-18s to our nightclub. If you turn 18 during Welcome Week (or later during the year), you are able to purchase an Annual Pass, but it will not be valid until your 18th birthday.
Readmission is not allowed once you have left an event.
You are still subject to the Students’ Union’s standard event admission procedures and can be refused entry or ejected if you breach these.
If you are banned from the Students’ Union at any time, your Annual Pass will cease to be valid without recompense for the duration of the ban. So, you know… behave yourself!
The Annual Pass does
NOT
cover entry to events run by SU societies or external promoters, unless otherwise noted.
The Annual Pass means you will avoid missing out when events are sold out.
IMPORTANT:
please note that entry to events is only guaranteed
before 11pm.
After this time, you will be granted entry if the capacity allows, but this cannot be guaranteed!