Welcome Week
Home
What's Happening
Events
FAQ
What to know
Welcome Group
Log in
WELCOME
Welcome video
Find events / Buy tickets
X
Discover Welcome Week
Societies
Sports Clubs
Student Officers
Welcome Group
Freshers Pass (SOLD OUT)
Annual Pass
What's happening over Welcome Week?
Welcome Week is the busiest and most exciting time of year here at Warwick. Alongside your departmental introductions and settling-in sessions, make sure you don't miss out on anything we have going on at the Students' Union!
Our programme of SU-run events can be found
below
, but if you’d also like to see what our clubs and societies have organised, you can see our full event listing
here
.
Our entertainments programme caters to a wide range of tastes - we heartily recommend you try out as much as possible to meet new people and make the most out of your Welcome Week.
If there is anything you are unsure of, we've put together answers to some frequently asked questions about events and general Welcome Week issues (including information for under-18s)
here
.
Welcome Events
Our programme of SU-run events can be found below, but if you’d also like to see what our clubs and societies have organised.
Tickets and passes for Welcome Week events go on sale here at Noon on Monday 2nd September
Featured Events
No featured events
Filter by category
Day-time
Night-time
Freshers Pass
View All Events
So - what do I do now?
1
Follow @WarwickSUOfficial on
TikTok
and
Instagram
to get all the latest info, and be sure to get on our freshers broadcast channel.
2
Enrol and Register for an IT account
with the University (from early September). You need to do this before you can log in to our website to purchase event tickets and Sports Club or Society memberships. When you login in the SU site for first time, don't forget to
self-define
so that you can vote in elections that are relevant to you!
3
Tickets and passes for our
official Welcome Week entertainments programme
are available from 1st of September, with a great line-up of events for anyone who wants to party!
4
Check out the incredible range of
Sports Clubs
and
Societies
on offer at the Students' Union - with over 250 societies and 65 sports clubs, there is bound to be one for you!
5
Get excited! You're in for the best years of your life!