CEO Recruitment
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
How The SU Works
Jobs
Postgraduate
SU News
SU Structure
Sustainability
TOTUM Discount Card
Welcome Hub
Your Union
>
CEO Recruitment
CEO Recruitment
More pages
How The SU Works
Jobs
Postgraduate
SU News
SU Structure
Sustainability
TOTUM Discount Card
Welcome Hub
A Message From the SU President
Will Brewer - SU President
Hello, and thank you for taking the time to consider the Chief Executive position at Warwick Students’ Union.
Here at WSU our vision is to build a world-class Students’ Union for a world-class University, supported by our five key values; Student-focused, Welcoming, Democratic, Independent and Enriching. Underpinned by these values, and keeping students at the heart of our organisation, we pride ourselves on placing learning and improvement at the forefront of what we do.
As Chief Executive you will be immersed into a vibrant, active, and welcoming community. WSU is facing its own unique challenges, but we are focused on building a positive culture of learning and transformation, and continuing to build a strong foundation by enhancing our financial position. Warwick can often be a complex political environment for our elected Officers to navigate, so knowledge and experience of this area is vital to supporting the Officer team and the Union.
Over the last 12 months, we have undertaken an extensive review of our governance structures to ensure that we effectively engage, support, and collaborate with our students. This project is essential to ensuring the student voice is transparent, representative and agile. Having made significant progress, we now look forward to implementing the agreed changes, and exploring further opportunities for development.
We are committed to leading the way in building an instinctively inclusive SU community, where everyone feels valued, has a keen sense of belonging, and is treated fairly with respect and kindness in a supportive and non-judgmental environment. This is supported by our Inclusion and Belonging Strategy and an ongoing programme of social learning and training opportunities for all colleagues within the Equality, Equity, Diversity, and Inclusivity area. We are proud that we have an inclusive organisation with diversity in our staff, Officer, volunteer and Trustee teams.
If you have further questions about this exciting opportunity please contact
jobs@warwicksu.com
.
Rewards and Benefits Overview
HOURS:
The Chief Executive is expected to work to work the hours necessary to fulfil the role. A minimum of 36.5 hours per week is required averaged over 52 weeks with flexibility required to meet the demands of the job, including weekend and out of core hours working. Standard core office hours are Monday to Thursday 8.30am to 4.30pm and Friday 8.30am to 3.30pm.
LOCATION:
Warwick SU, Coventry, West Midlands, CV4 7AL, UK. Occasional off-site working is required.
BENEFITS:
An excellent holiday allowance of 37 days per year, substantial pension scheme up to 7.38%, a dedicated wellbeing programme, cycle to work scheme and employee assistance programme. We also have a hybrid working policy, subject to operational requirements.
Useful Documents
Impact Reports 2021-22
Term 1
Term 2
Term 3
Warwick SU Strategic Plan and Consolidated Statements
Strategic Plan 2021-25
Consolidated Statements 2021
Job Description and WSU Structure Overview
Job Description
WSU Structure Overview
Learn more
If you're interested in this position, you can find the application
here
.