Welcome Hub
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
How The SU Works
Jobs
Postgraduate
SU News
SU Structure
Sustainability
TOTUM Discount Card
Welcome Hub
Your Union
>
Contact Us
>
Welcome Hub
Welcome Hub
More pages
Complaints Policy
Welcome Hub
Room Hire
Welcome Hub
If you have a question about your Student Union, we're the people to ask. The font of all knowledge about SU activities, we will usually either have the answer or be able to point you in the direction of whoever does!
As well as offering help with your day-to-day queries, we also look after the following services:
Lost Property
Anything lost in or around the SU is usually handed in at SU Reception, so pop by and see us and we will be more than happy to have a look for you. If your lost item is not here, we have forms you can complete so that we can contact you if it turns up!
As you can imagine, we receive a huge amount of Lost Property, which means we only have the capacity to store items such as clothing, notebooks etc for a maximum of two weeks. Valuable items are safely stored within Reception until the end of the academic year. After this time they may be donated to charity, so please try and contact us as soon as possible!
The SU's full Lost Property policy can be viewed
HERE
.
For items lost in buildings other than the Students Union, the Student Information Centre accept lost property found in the Oculus, and Faculty of Arts buildings. Most departments manage their own lost property, however we also frequently receive items that have been found outdoors on campus rather than inside buildings.
If you have lost or found a item, it may also be worth posting in the following
University Facebook group
.
Unclaimed Cloakroom items
A cloakroom operates in The Copper Rooms for evening events.
All confiscated or uncollected cloakroom items can be collected from SUHQ Reception from the next working day. Please bring along your cloakroom ticket and we should have your item. Please note that you need to collect your item within two weeks, after which items will be donated to charity.
Print Services
Many students don’t realise that we offer a print service here at SUHQ Reception. We can print anything from A5 to A3 in colour or black & white. If you require any printing for your club/society or for yourself, please come and see us and we will sort this as quickly as possible for you.
Alternatively, you can email your order or print query to
print@warwicksu.com
.
Prices for printing through the Warwick SU Print Shop are
available online
.
We also offer laminating and dissertation binding if required:
Laminating A4: £1
Laminating A3: £1.50
Binding: £3
Locker Hire
Do you have too many books to carry around campus, or a sports bag you want to leave somewhere? The SU offers a locker hire service on a daily, weekly, termly or yearly basis. All you need to do is complete a form and pay a £10 deposit for the key, and we will take care of the rest!
Locker Hire Fees:
Day – 50p
Week – £2.50
Term – £25.00
Year - £75.00
Special offers are available over the exam period - please email
receptionteam@warwicksu.com
for more details.
Ticket Sales
In addition to online sales via the website, you can purchase tickets for most SU events and/or join Clubs and Societies via Reception. All tickets and memberships are stored electronically on your student card upon purchase, so make sure you take your card with you to events.
We do not offer refunds or transfers for events unless the event is sold out. Please email
receptionteam@warwicksu.com
with your query and we'll let you know if refunds or transfers are running for the event you'd no longer like to attend.
Refunds
At SU Reception, we offer refunds for:
Pool tables
Change machine
All you need to do is complete a refund claim form and you will be contacted shortly after to collect your money.
Contact Us:
If you have any queries regarding your SU or any of the services we provide, please do not hesitate to give us a call, email or visit us in person. The Welcome Hub  is on the first floor of Students' Union building (Above the Co-Op).
receptionteam@warwicksu.com
024 765 72777
Our opening hours are as follows:
Mon, Tue + Thurs 9.00am - 6.00pm (term-time only).
Weds 9.00am - 6.00/7.00pm (depending if POP has sold out) (term-time only)
Fri 9.00am - 5.00pm (term-time only)