Your Union
Current selection:
no
Complete your profile
Thanks for logging in to WarwickSU.com. Please take a few moments to complete your profile.
Update Your Profile
More pages in this section
How The SU Works
Jobs
Postgraduate
SU News
SU Structure
Sustainability
TOTUM Discount Card
Welcome Hub
Your Union
Your Union
More pages
How The SU Works
Jobs
Postgraduate
SU News
SU Structure
Sustainability
TOTUM Discount Card
Welcome Hub
Warwick Students' Union
The Students’ Union is the focal point of campus life here at Warwick. Here are a few basic facts about what we do…
What is the Students' Union?
The Students’ Union provides Representation, Social Activities and Support for the students of Warwick, to try and ensure you have the best possible university experience.
You automatically become a member of the SU when you enrol, which means you can join our Sports Clubs and Societies, as well as taking part in our democratic processes, and campaigning on the issues that matter to you. In addition, our network of academic reps ensure you can influence your educational experience, while our Advice Centre can provide support if you need help with any aspect of student life.
Who works at the SU?
A team of
Full-time
and
Part-time
Officers are elected by Warwick students each year to ensure you are at the heart of SU decision-making, and pro-actively engage with the University to deliver changes that improve your student experience. In addition, there is a team of permanent staff, led by the Chief Executive and the senior management team, who oversee the operational side of the Students’ Union. We also employ a significant number of student staff to support the day-to-day running of our organisation.
Is the SU part of the University?
Warwick Student's Union is an independent organisation, which is separate from the University. Although we receive funding from the University, they have no authority in the SU’s decision-making processes. We act solely in the interest of our members by:
Using democratic processes to ensure we are acting on students’ behalf
Representing the student voice to deliver academic and other changes
Campaigning on issues that matter to our members
Supporting students through complaints and disciplinaries
What does the SU do operationally on a day-to-day basis?
Coordinate our network of academic representatives to deliver educational improvements
Deliver democratic processes, such as elections and All Student Votes, to make sure we are representing the student voice
The Advice Centre team gives students support regarding academic issues, money, housing and health & wellbeing
Support student groups who represent specific communities at Warwick, to help them organise activities, communicate relevant information, and bring their concerns to the attention of the SU and the University.
Help facilitate student-led campaigns to make a difference on issues that matter to our members
Run a range of catering outlets to provide great value food and drink and welcoming places to socialise
Put on a variety of great events so our students can have fun nights out, knowing they are in venues that care about their safety.
Support our 65+ Sports Clubs so they can compete safely in fixtures across the country and manage their finances responsibly
Help our 250+ Societies arrange events and activities so our students have opportunities to meet new people and make friends that will last a lifetime
How is the SU funded?
The SU is a registered charity, which is primarily funded by the University, but we also generate income through our commercial activities to help cover our running costs. Warwick Students’ Union is a non-profit organisation.
What outlets are run by the SU?
The Copper Rooms
The Terrace Bar
The Dirty Duck
The Food Station
Curiositea
The Green Room
The Graduate
Prices in these outlets are kept as low as possible to provide students with the best value on campus. Warwick SU does not make a profit - any surplus revenue is used to help cover our running costs.
Warwick SU is NOT linked to:
Fusion Sports Bar
Warwick Arts Centre
Rootes Grocery Store
Varsity
Aroma
Library Coffee Bar
Caffé Nero
Library Café
Oculus Café
NAIC Café
Any of the University department Cafés
Any money spent in these outlets goes to either the University or the respective external companies.